I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.

Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.

With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.

That's a good idea!

It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.

A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy.

Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.

We made pancakes for breakfast.

I don't have the strength to keep trying.

I can't wait to go on a vacation.

He spent the evening reading a book.

Do you have a pen on you?

You should have accepted his advice.

You must compensate him for the money he lost.

How many books do you have?

You'd better consult the doctor.

You had better put on a raincoat.

How long have you been in Japan?

Are you for or against the plan?

You have to put up with all these noises.

You're always criticizing me!

Your success excites my envy.

You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.

I have a very sore arm where you hit me.

I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Look out for the wild dog!

Passing through the strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.

Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.

Let bygones be bygones.

Our bodies respond to our feelings.

Bees are flying among the flowers.

Translate the underlined part.

What is that building with the green roof?

Speaking English is useful.

The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.

The doctor came immediately.

Love makes the world go round.

I walked up the hill.

The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?

If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.

It's about time to go to school.

I'll wait another five minutes.

What is the common language in Peru?

Let's get on the bus.

Why did you come to Japan?

Tom is liked by his friends.

Which dog is yours?

After all she did not come.

German is not an easy language.

A lot of trees were cut down.

Imagine that you have a time machine.

Don't say that.

Is it a butterfly or a moth?

It was Sir Anthony's eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket.

The story was very interesting.

The trip will take at least a week.

The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.

The airplane took off ten minutes ago.

There are a lot of eggs in the box.

The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.

The man wore a mask of a tiger.

Who was the letter written to?

The accident almost cost him his life.

The incident sowed the seeds of the war.

The school was established in 1650.

Turn left at the corner.

The price of the picture is 10 pounds.

Don't cut the cake with a knife.

I saw a wonderful fall there.

You have the choice of soup or salad.

Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.

These cars are made in Japan.

This is a map of the city of Sendai.

This is an important event.

This is the worst movie I have ever seen.

This is an exception to the rule.

This is my I.D. card.

Mail this letter.

This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.

The man who wrote this book is a doctor.

This book contains forty photographs.

This sword has a strange history.

This bird cannot fly.

She looked well when I last saw her.

Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.

Rain is scarce in this country.

This house is mine.

Is this bag yours or his?

How much is this T-shirt?

What's the name of this street, please?

I like classical music.

Carlos climbed the mountain.

I'd like a doll, a new bicycle..... and peace on earth!

We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.

That is a high building, is it not?

American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.

That plane will take off at five.

The president is difficult to approach.

Can you play the violin?

You'll soon get used to speaking in public.

I wish I had a friend like you.

An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.

We have many rainy days in June.

Two tears fell down her cheeks.

May I ask a few questions?

I don't want to go outside this afternoon.

Please refrain from smoking in public places.

Can you repeat what you said?

I met him by chance on the train this morning.

The trouble is that we have no money.

I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.

It was in London that I last saw her.

She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.

I invited him to the party and he accepted.

We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.

We are watching TV.

We visited his home country for the first time.

We have two daughters.

My dream is to become a pilot.

I've forgotten to post the letter.

I live in this house by myself.

I know how old you are.

I have a big dog.

I don't know how to operate this computer.

I threw a stone at the bird.

I am blind in the right eye.

I have the same dictionary as your brother has.

I will fight to the last breath.

I like the way she laughs at my jokes.

It took me three hours to do my homework.

I'm saving up to buy a new car.

I haven't smoked for ages.

I don't want to get a suntan.

I am nearly as tall as she.

I don't like the way she speaks.

I go by that church every day.

When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.

I've got a toothache.

That didn't really happen.

The whole mountain turns red in autumn.

Would you please wait for a few minutes?

Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.

The library is in the middle of the city.

I really miss the old days.

Many students bought the book.

I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.

Everybody knows his name.

Nobody can solve this problem.

The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.

I'm not lying. I swear to God!

Give me your phone number.

If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.

Reading gives me great pleasure.

There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.

Japan is smaller than Canada.

People of all ages like this song.

Don't put the cart before the horse.

Stop making a fool of yourself.

Two months have passed since he left for France.

He is what we call a walking dictionary.

It is said that his father died in a foreign country.

His wife is quite a talented woman.

He has a good school record.

He likes to go to the beach now and then.

He is the father of three children.

He drank a cup of coffee.

He had dark brown hair.

He finally became the president of IBM.

He had no idea why his wife left him.

He had an accident on his way home.

He acted like a madman.

He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.

He was snoring loudly while he slept.

He is reading a book.

He had his wallet stolen.

He appeared on TV last night.

He is the most obstinate child I have ever seen.

He rejected our offer.

He is taller than me by a head.

He has poor eyesight.

He has written a letter.

He'll come on foot or by bicycle.

He is playing in his room.

He had to clean his room.

He runs in the park every day.

He wasn't given any reward for his service.

They don't always obey their parents.

They missed the train.

She doesn't have any enemies.

I bought her a new car.

Whatever she says is true.

Her blue shoes go well with that dress.

What has become of her son?

Both of her sons died during the war.

She left the hospital an hour ago.

She was always quarreling with her brothers.

She resembles her aunt.

She translated the letter from Japanese into French.

She happened to know his address.

She is wearing a white dress today.

She was born last year.

She is five years junior to me.

She assumed an air of indifference.

She recovered from her long illness.

Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.

Why don't we go to the bookstore on foot?

Maternal love is greater than anything else.

My house looks toward the sea.

Real friendship is more valuable than money.

My eyes are sore.

The arrow indicates the way to go.

Theory and practice should go hand in hand.

Tears filled her eyes.

Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.

I waited until the last minute.

The plural form of "louse" is "lice".

I take a bath every day.

Happy birthday, Muiriel!

It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.

Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.

Life is a long, long road.

He said hello to the woman.

Can I have a look at your newspaper?

I love Korean food.

Yes, it's such a nice evening.

When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.

The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.

A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.

Alister killed Barbara.

Goodbye and good luck.

Long live the Soviet Union!

Hurry up, the summer is almost over...

I've been waiting for you for 5 hours.

On hearing the news, she fainted.

She lives in New York.

In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!

Thai is the official language of Thailand.

The light suddenly went out.

I want to go for a swim.

I'll buy him a pencil.

We still have a lot of food left.

I plan to go skiing in Hokkaido.

He lives inside an apple.

You can put anything into a hodgepodge.

What time was it when you entered the building?

The Devil made me do it.

Give me a cigarette.

English has many loan words from French.

Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.

She is a true witch!

I love pizza very much.

Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.

Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.

The sound of your voice is like a siren's song to me.

I consider you one of my closest friends.

Since I installed solar panels on my house, my energy bill has been cut in half.

I am going to the shop.

Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.

A light bulb gives light.

I have a pain in my foot.

Sewage often pollutes the ocean.

Mary succeeded in her studies.

I was born in the winter.

You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.

Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.

More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars.

These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.

Follow your desire.

I took the medicine.

I'm afraid of the bus.

I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.

My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.

He's been asleep for ten hours now.

He took care of the business after his father's death.

It was online that I sold the clothes.

I wish you luck.

You cannot be a blood donor.

Which ocean separates China and America?

The car is in the garage.

You've already read the book?

I wish you a happy birthday.

Stop the car here.

He comes from Genoa.

What's your favorite tongue twister?

I work with her boyfriend.

This person is your slave, right?

How long have you two been together?

I've got a few friends.

I'll write or phone you next week.

After work I go straight home.

Her goal is to become a teacher.

Tom isn't a fool.

Tom has short hair.

Tom has a high-pitched voice.

Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.

Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.

If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.

My father isn't at home.

I was born in Russia.

Tom gave up all hope.

Tom asked Mary for her advice.

Tom and Mary have a lot in common.

There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.

It's not dinnertime yet.

My brother likes to collect stamps.

They have many friends.

She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up.

I don't have a younger sister.

He's my friend. Do you know him?

It's so nice to stay at home.

The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.

I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.

I know nothing about music.

I have decided to keep a diary this year.

She lied about being pregnant.

German is a synthetic language.

They say that golf is very popular in Japan.

It's five o'clock.

I can't remember the melody of that song.

Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.

I sent you an e-mail.

However, all these data were not confirmed.

She returned to Japan.

I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.

Let's drink wine or beer.

I eat meat three times a week.

The students are currently on holiday.

Hand me the remote.

I'm a little confused.

I love this song.

Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.

Bill runs faster than Bob.

A square has four angles.

The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.

No, I am an Englishman.

The chair is made of wood.

She's a bit naive.

Do you need a car?

Is it true that you built this house by yourself?

We're running out of time.

In the German language there are many long words.

Don't tell my boyfriend.

How far away is your school?

Have you ever seen the man in this photo?

I hope we find Tom.

I'll be in my office.

The sky is clear and full of stars.

Tom was bleeding heavily from a gunshot wound.

I thought Tom would buy a new car.

I can't deal with this problem anymore.

Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me?

I know you have a girlfriend.

Humans only live about 70 years.

Young people must respect the law.

We want you to marry Tom.

I'm on the beach playing volleyball.

Her husband is currently living in Tokyo.

Love is more powerful than death.

Welcome to the club.

I love my family.

Are the train tickets expensive?

Have you checked our supplies recently?

How many arms does a squid have?

America has enemies.

It's really rare.

Field hockey is not very popular in China.

My father works at a factory.

I live with Tom.

The ladies were in evening dress.

We lock the doors at night.

I have things to do tomorrow.

I know what it's like to lose someone.

I read the novel in three days.

Is 6 o'clock OK?

The Second World War started in 1939.

I don't want to work under these conditions.

French isn't my native language.

The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.

Today is World No Tobacco Day.

I'm going to be a millionaire.

Tom plays the guitar.

What was it we were talking about?

Don't thank me, thank Tom!

She is overly competitive.

The positive integer 126 has the prime factors 2, 3, 3 and 7.

Tom says he feels a little better.

We'll be home all day tomorrow.

What's the problem with your computer?

I'll be at home all day tomorrow.

I should've chosen a shorter username.

She's drinking apple juice.

I have eight brothers.

I want to eat the cheese.

That's an original idea.

Two glasses of apple juice, please.

This question is very simple.

We're both reasonable people.

Tom and I see each other every day at school.

I want to live in Tampa.

The girl drinks orange juice.

The horse is not white.

You remind me of Tom.

Blasphemy is a victimless crime.

We can fix that.

This car needs washed.

You owe me a favor.

Arabic isn't complicated.

Yesterday I sold two books.

"You look like a tourist." "But I am a tourist!"

Tom is in the living room.

Go get your passport.

I'm getting too old for this job.

I'm walking in the park.

If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.

The boy is asking a question.

Oh, I forgot my keys.

Don't touch this with your dirty hands.

I saw her on TV.

Tom was a real hero.

Greece is an old country.

Please look at the map on page 25.

I want to get smarter.

What did you name your son?

Whose idea was it to call the police?

Tom started dating Mary three months ago.

"What's that?" "This is a peach."

When does the bank open?

Anyone can attend my lectures, but not everyone can understand them.

I love the name Bella. It means "pretty", right?

I invited her to the movies.

I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.

Everyone I know uses Google.

I went and bought some cream puffs. Do you want any?

Where did the horse go?

Tom is a very good singer.

He has twenty children.

I don't have any other questions.

I must write books.

A woman is ever fickle and changeable.

They treat me like a child.

You are a good driver.

I live in Tehran.

They are eating sandwiches.

I didn't expect these results.

I'm not married to Tom.

Tom isn't an angel.

The man matches the description.

That person you spoke about is my sister.

Tom is a strong guy.

Tom is a bit snobbish.

Is it next Monday that Tom returns?

We don't wash the dishes.

When I was three years old, my name was changed from Tom to John.

High speed trains are common in Europe.

You have a strange sense of humor.

I can start anytime.

Mary dressed up as a witch.

Tom was an architect.

It took me three years.

I don't smoke weed.

I got on the bus.

Captivity makes gorillas sick.

The book stores and libraries here have no books in foreign languages.

I bought bread and milk.

Vegans don't eat any animal products.

Tom refused to let Mary in his room.

I never drink beer.

Tom and Ken are like peas in a pod.

Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.

This country has a rich history.

I want to become a nurse.

There is a man and a woman.

Tom loves Canada.

Why are you giving me this money?

He fell asleep with his clothes on.

He hit the wall with his fist.

This water cannot be drunk.

I haven't exercised in a long time.

Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.

Doing some work won't kill you.

I can't work for this company anymore.

She drank three cups of coffee.

Who is looking after the dog while you are away?

He bought some flowers.

I have many French books.

The weather's better than yesterday.

Red, yellow, and blue are colors.

Did you find your parents?

We don't sell draft beer.

We miss our children.

She's three years older than him.

Paul is an only child, but he has a lot of cousins.

Is there a speed limit?

It's time to hit the sack.

The trash can is empty.

"The Internet was so innocent back then, wasn't it?" "No, it wasn't."

Dogs have 39 pairs of chromosomes.

Let's catch a taxi!

Chinese is not the hardest language in the world.

The cup is on the shelf.
