The Workshop held plenary and working group meetings.

The impact of fire on forest land can be detected by using remote sensing techniques and GIS.

The military is increasingly called on to contribute in this role.

Therefore, regular communications and position reporting is highly desirable.

It is therefore increasingly used by FAO in its programmes and field projects being conducted on the basis of the recommendations contained in Agenda 21.1 However, until now, remote sensing has been largely technology-driven.

Through the analysis of the imagette spectrum, operational worldwide information on the wave systems, namely wave height and wave direction, is derived.

The study was prepared using a variety of national and international sources that are listed in the selected bibliography at the end of the study.

Missions involving small satellites can, however, be a complement to large satellite missions.

Fairly sophisticated scientific and technological experiments, as well as application missions, can be flown in space at modest costs.

Because of the large space-to-ground distance involved, however, the data rates are small, or larger ground antennas and higher electrical power on board the spacecraft are required.

Although it was designed for an operational lifetime of three weeks, MAGION-1 remained operational for three years.

It has been estimated that 10 microsatellites could be built and launched for about US$ 21 million, while about US$ 30 million would be required for the medical facilities and the Earth station network.

It is a microsatellite weighing 50 kg that is compatible with an Ariane launcher and is capable of three-colour stereo imaging of Earth.

Regulatory, legal and political issues must be addressed and resolved if support services for health care and education were to be met.

They required, however, greater awareness of the potential of space technology for sustainable development.

It would provide UNEP with two different networks: subnet A, the backbone, using 7.3 m antennas providing 384 kilobytes per second (kb/s); and subnet B, for remote areas using 2.4 m antennas providing 64 kb/s.

However, while national space coordinating bodies were needed at senior levels to set policy, not every country needed a space agency.

It was repeatedly recommended that the practical use of satellite data with emphasis being placed on developing simple-to-use and low-cost applications should be promoted in developing countries.

A network of terminals would be particularly effective if it were connected to an appropriate regional or global database of GIS or of relevant disaster information.

On the last day of the training course, formal presentations were made followed by discussion of regional projects prepared by the participants in working groups for which access to and the use of ERS data would be a key element.

This is followed, in section II, by a presentation of the recommendations of a number of working groups.

It is also used in the measurement of cloud cover, aerosols, vegetation, atmospheric water vapour and liquid water content.

Specifically, the names of all course participants has been put on the ESA mailing list to receive the Earth Observation Quarterly.

The Commercial Float Zone Furnace will fly on the SPACELAB 04 mission to process 12 sample materials being investigated by researchers from Canada, Germany and the United States.

To complete the group, M. Garneau, the first Canadian astronaut in space, was selected for a second space shuttle mission.

The Indian space programme also continued to further international cooperation in the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space.

With a total floor space of 2,788 square metres as of February 1993, NTC stands facing the Sea of Japan, far from towns and highways to ensure the safety of its firing range.

It will be the first flight of the M-V vehicle being developed by ISAS.

Important fields of research on the basic technology for such a plane include those concerned with atmospheric forces, structures, guidance control and engines.

Japan and countries of the Association of South-East Asian Nations have several joint research programmes utilizing the data received.

These interacting binary systems reveal a remarkable variety of astrophysical phenomena depending upon the strength of the magnetic field of the white dwarf.

This satellite system is expected to become operational in 1998.

In exchange, SUNSAT was increased to a height of 62 centimeters to fly laser reflectors and a NASA precision GPS receiver for research in gravity recovery and atmospheric tomography as part of the NASA Mission to Planet Earth.

Other applications include flood disaster monitoring and assessment and the application of remote sensing and GIS in matters of national security.

Investigators using computer simulations have also gained a refined understanding of the heliopause, the boundary of the solar system where the solar wind ' s outward flow is balanced by the pressure of the interstellar medium.

Using special low-light-level cameras mounted on two small aircraft, scientists recently captured these flashes on video for the first time.

More broadly, this phenomenon links the weather in the Earth ' s lower atmosphere to upper atmospheric layers that form our planet ' s border to space.

They used the brightest galaxies to measure the distances and velocities of 119 clusters, creating the cluster reference frame.

Further study of the new data should help astronomers refine current models of supernova explosions and " because of the ubiquitous presence of iron throughout the universe, " Hughes expected the results to have a large influence on astronomy in general.

This, in turn, may shed new light on whether the universe is open or closed.

Since current cosmological theory predicts that baryonic mass must be less than 5 percent to " close " the universe, this finding has implications for cosmology.

Nearly half of the 1:1,500,000-scale geologic base map quadrangles have been completed to support NASA ' s Venus Geologic Mapping Program.

These theories are needed to predict and achieve in solidified materials the desired microstructures that control many of their physical and chemical properties such as their mechanical strength and resistance to corrosion.

One fry resulting from in-space fertilization actually hatched and survived, as did prefertilized eggs.

To date, the oxidizer turbopump has satisfied its requirements for total development seconds and the first of two formal certification units has successfully completed its 20 test series.

It has prestaged work packages, provided automated notification of needs for parts and material, and thereby reduced the numbers of tasks experiencing holds.

The Earth Resources Observation Systems (EROS) Data Center of the USGS will continue to be responsible for maintaining Government archives of Landsat and other land-related remote-sensing data.

Since the inception of the system in 1982, a total of 4,310 lives had been saved as of September 30, 1994--960 of them during calendar year 1993.

There has been a number of successful technical interchange meetings with the Russians, and Russia has begun delivery of items called for in the contract signed in June.

ESA conducted a design-to-cost exercise on the COF, coordinating the technical and management changes closely with NASA.

The spheres are expected to remain in orbit providing valuable calibration data until mid-1995.

Other uses of ground network facilities include tracking and data acquisition services to sounding rocket, high-altitude balloon, and aeronautical research missions.

These missions have enabled a team of 52 scientists and ground teams around the world to observe the shifting boundaries between temperate and boreal (northern) forests, plus other natural phenomena.

This data will correct current models that over-predict atmospheric moisture.

Both spacecraft will carry additional instruments that will provide information on the dynamics of global atmospheric pollution for NASA ' s Mission to Planet Earth (MTPE).

Working in close cooperation with researchers from Brazil, the authors of the study validated the use of Landsat data for estimating deforestation in the Amazon, previously an issue of substantial controversy.

Relatedly, USGS ' EROS Data Center is the Distributed Active Archive Center (DAAC) for data about land processes to be acquired and distributed in support of the Earth Observation System (EOS).

The National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) within NOAA had a fully operational center for processing, archiving, and disseminating data from the Defence Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP).

It provides the scientific community with the data and information necessary to evaluate the variability of the global environment, distinguish between natural and human-induced change, and perform integrated assessments of changes in climate and their societal impacts.

The Bureau of Indian Affairs continued to conduct natural resource inventories, image mapping projects, and GPS training services to support its Indian Integrated Resource Information Program.

In the area of hydrology, ARS scientists, in close cooperation with NASA and the Department of Commerce (DoC), used ground-based and remotely sensed data to aid in understanding how conditions in river basins influence climate and climate change.

When fires had been suppressed, the FS employed satellite imagery to map and assess changes in the landscape caused by the fires.

The goal of this effort in the Pacific was to obtain in-situ measurements of atmospheric trace gases related to stratospheric ozone.

Also, the CEDAR program sponsored a special competition to encourage the development of innovative technical approaches, resulting in a number of projects to improve instrumentation and techniques.

The various scientific recommendations made on the basis of analyses of remote sensing data were validated in the field by several rural exercises.

The cost of a conventional phone in a rural area during its first year was roughly $5,000.

The real-time UHF/VHF radio communications system may therefore be complemented with satellite communications systems, enhancing communications between field stations and the public, and also increasing the geographical coverage of Mexico.

Furthermore, space technology curricula relating to national programmes for sustainable development in developing countries should be introduced through universities.

Given the importance of training, it was noted that a number of regional and international organizations and agencies offered various training programmes.

Rural and poor urban communities could be integrated into economic life, and thereby raise their income levels through information services.

Multispectral data, such as those acquired by the IRS, Landsat, Meteosat and SPOT series of satellites, were collected in multiple spectral bands.

Digital image processing, however, required access to related equipment (e.g. a computer and large-format printer) and software which might be lacking in some academic departments.

The analyst used photographic interpretation elements (e.g. tone, texture, shape, drainage, landforms, topography, and lineaments) to facilitate visual classification.

That could be a bottleneck to the implementation of a GIS, since unless the data already existed in digital format, they must be so converted, often by costly manual techniques (e.g. manual digitizing).

Although the material specimens were protected during the firing itself, many of the specimens which were returned to Earth for evaluation had been impacted by many small particles.

The purpose of this experiment was to gather data on the degradation of composite materials in low Earth orbit.

After return to Earth this experiment was thoroughly examined to identify impact sites.

Over 70 impact sites were clearly identified.

In addition, the data from the entire spacecraft as reported through the Orbital Debris Special Investigation Group was analysed and presented in the form of an Engineering Monogram that could be used for design of spacecraft.

The distance between the two stations is about 1,000 km.

This brought together speakers from BNSC, the University of Southampton, the University of London, the University of Kent, SIRA, the Defence Research Agency and Advanced System Architectures.

The operator of the Iridium system has agreed to the de-orbiting philosophy, which can occasionally result in de-orbiting perfectly healthy spacecraft because the fuel remaining is only enough for de-orbiting.

After the boost or disposal phase is complete, the spacecraft are then electronically deactivated by sending commands to turn off all communication down-links, battery under-voltage protection circuitry, and telemetry subsystems.

The vulnerability assessment included using hypervelocity impact equations, as well as actually subjecting spacecraft hardware to hypervelocity impact tests at the NASA Johnson Space Center.

He or she shall be entered in the appropriate civil register by his or her mother or guardian immediately after birth.

The feminist organization Manuela Ramos, which deals with cases of sexual violence, estimates the number of rapes of women to be close to 25,000 a year.

In the High Courts women account for 20 per cent and have a greater impact by serving as judges than as presidents or magistrates.

Women ' s representation in the judicial branch has improved since 1986: the number of women who hold positions has increased throughout the branch, except in the Supreme Court.

Three other institutions were subsequently established within separate Ministries: in the Ministry of Justice (1983-1986-1994); the Ministry of Foreign Relations (1986); and in the National Planning Institute, where this body had the status of an advisory council (1986).

It was set up in March 1990 at a meeting where the National Programme for the Advancement of Women was adopted.

Article 5 of this Decree-Law states that severance pay and subsistence allowances shall be established on the basis of a maximum work cycle of 30 years for men and of 25 years for women.

If the work is remunerated on a piecemeal basis, the official daily wage must be its equivalent (article 28 of Act No. 2851).

But its national governing body has undergone " masculinization ": while in 1983, nearly half of the members were women, by 1993 their numbers had diminished.

During the decade, women have been involved in this type of organization only on a minority basis.

Their objectives were to deal with the problems of self-defence, security and protection of human rights.

There are more striking differences within the female population than between men and women: life expectancy for women in urban areas was 7 years longer than for women in rural areas.

Sixty per cent of women in urban areas use modern techniques, whereas only 38 per cent of women in rural areas does so.

Subsequently this form of organization spread to other departments such as Junín and Piura.

Both are competent to fix and transfer the conjugal domicile and to decide matters relating to the household economy (article 287).

In line with the concept of national ownership, Governments are the driving element in the planning exercise, assuming technical and managerial responsibility to the maximum possible extent.

Comparable studies could well be carried out in other fields, such as housing.

The Committee regrets the failure of the Government to submit the outstanding reports or to otherwise respond to the request of the Committee to renew a dialogue.

The following is a list of the working papers submitted by the Special Committee on the Situation with Regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples:

The TT & C station has a 3.6-m. autotracking antenna, and it enables range and Doppler measurements and Master Clock Reception (GPS).

International cooperation is a key issue as far as space technology is concerned.

CONAE will place special emphasis on strengthening regional cooperation in space matters.

As for experience gained in projecting and building satellites, Argentina will have a successful pro-gramme of light satellites, each weighing up to a ton, for scientific, remote sensing, communication and other purposes.

The development trials on the Vulcain cryogenic engine are being pushed ahead in order to ensure the qualification of that essential part of the launcher without delay.

As from 1996, these new instruments will triple the data-processing capacity.

The ALISSA project, in collaboration with the Russian Federation, primarily designed to provide a detailed description of the upper part of cloud systems, is to be placed aboard the Priroda module on the Mir station this year.

The French and Russian SIGMA-GRANAT programme is being concluded in an exemplary manner.

A preliminary evaluation of this programme has given a good basis for future work.

International marketing is producing results and a further development of the range of activities is expected.

The Board of the Norwegian Space Centre held six meeting in 1994.

The Space Station Programme in particular has suffered major changes and budget cuts, and this has had important consequences for the European space industry.

Since the United States of America is in the process of dismantling its system of military standards, the ECSS standard will assume greater international importance.

ESA collaboration has been responsible for considerable spin-offs in the form of profitable deliveries of products and services to both space-related and other markets.

A final decision is to be made in 1998.

ESA will contribute the ground infrastructure for acquisition and processing of data from its own satellites and from other selected satellites.

Comprehensive studies of the prospects of establishing a sub-station of Andøya Rocket Range on Svalbard to launch sounding rockets have been carried out.

The observatory, which will have five laser systems, of which three are already operational, as well as a number of ground measurement systems, is unique.

This project has also aroused considerable international interest, which is being exploited in the marketing process.

With its new antenna, TSS is now a data acquisition station with competitive abilities within reliability as well as quality.

In the final phase of this work the cosmonauts collaborated with the Russian-American crew (cosmonauts V. Dezhurov and G. Strekalov and the American astronaut N. Thagard), who arrived at the Mir station on board the Soyuz-TM 20.

Also taken from the outside surface of the module were cassettes containing samples of structural materials which had been exposed for long periods of time to open-space conditions; these were replaced with new ones.

This work was chiefly aimed at obtaining basic scientific data in various areas of space medicine and biology.

At present, Slovenia reports that it does not have a national space programme.

The research activities are largely concentrated in (a) the Institute for Space Flight Technology and Nuclear Reactor Technology of the Technical University of Braunschweig (IfRR/TUBS) and (b) the Research Establishment for Applied Science of Wachtberg-Werthhoven (FGAN).

It started as a tool for the purpose of describing the current status of orbital debris, but more and more it gains importance concerning the analysis of future scenarios and in relation with debris mitigation measures.

To a certain extend TIRA is additionally used to gain radar data of orbital debris.

In both situations, Earth observation and communications satellites could be used to great advantage for preventive and mitigation purposes.

That capability could provide the means for normal telephone communications and commercial, entertainment and educational transmissions, in addition to reducing the cost of, or making possible, basic education and health services for rural populations.

Its primary instrument was the active microwave instrument (AMI), which could provide high-resolution images (in C-band) and wind speed through ocean wave spectra analyses.

Through the use of portable antennas or mobile communication units, the capability existed to restore in just a few hours vital communications connecting the area affected by a disaster to relief headquarters and to the outside world.

It was attended by 14 participants from the following countries: Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Lao People ' s Democratic Republic, Malaysia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Viet Nam.

The Course also provided the participants with examples of the applications of the data received from the various instruments on board ERS-1 and -2 satellites, as well as with hands-on experience in digital processing of microwave image products.

Presentations made by the lecturers included case-studies of programmes or projects conducted in Asia and the Pacific.

A similar process was also under way for Africa, using input received from participants in other training courses jointly organized by the United Nations and ESA in the region.

The list of participants is attached to the present report as annex I..

The Meeting also noted that the General Assembly, in its resolution 50/27 of 7 November 1995, had endorsed the recommendation of the Committee that those centres should be established on the basis of affiliation to the United Nations as early as possible.

It allows the user to search for and obtain a wealth of information on historical occurrences of natural hazards for application on a global, regional or local scale.

Operational uses of the data include weather forecasting, fire danger modelling, air pollution assessments and crop condition analysis.

Those activities are expected to continue in 1996 and beyond.

In addition, the pilot study will, in 1996 and beyond, lead to the establishment of a database containing high-priority GIS data and an extensive reference database.

LIS depends upon remotely sensed data, primarily aerial photographs and orthophotomaps, in constructing effective multi-purpose cadastral and land record systems for land registration and administration.

The organization of the second phase concerning training is being considered for the coming years.

The publication, entitled Seminars of the United Nations Programme on Space Applications: Selected Papers on Remote Sensing, Satellite Communications and Space Science, covers different aspects of space science and technology.

AMAP monitors and assesses the effects of pollution within the Arctic, and the GRID facility at Arendal provides support through spatial database development and applications and the production of thematic maps.

Of particular importance to UNEP is the development of an AMAP project directory, a comprehensive catalogue of Arctic monitoring projects.

Follow-up activities to the workshop are likely to take place in the period 1996-1997;

Such information is utilized to examine possible changes in land status and to produce graphic materials to be used by decision makers and scientists trained by UNITAR.

Satellite communications are an integral part of those programmes.

Such activities should continue in 1996 and 1997.

Copies of the initial plan for GCOS are available from the Joint Planning Office of GCOS at Geneva or via Internet at the GCOS homepage (htpp://www.wmo.ch/web/gcoshome/html).

Satellite communications form a major part of GMDSS, and all SOLAS ships are requested to carry satellite EPIRB systems.

The Office is cooperating with the German Space Agency (DARA) in the preparation of a study on the feasibility of establishing a computer-based international space information service.

The promotion and the outlines of its programme are explained in issue No. 1 of its new quarterly publication High Technology Spin-Offs Monitor, which focuses on this particular subject and technology transfer.

The current international legal system does not provide for any special legal procedures for aerospace objects which take into account the diversity of their functional characteristics, their aerodynamic properties and their design features.

However, individual aspects of such passage (such as international liability, rescue of astronauts, return of objects, and so forth) are either dealt with or assumed in the multilateral agreements in effect.

It would be well advised to elaborate international legal norms with regard to all issues of relevance raised by such passage.

REPLIES RECEIVED FROM MEMBER STATESReplies received from Chile, Greece, Kazakstan, Syrian Arab Republic, Turkey and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

An aerospace object may also be able to " stand still " at certain special and strategically important positions like the Lagrangian points of any " binary " celestial system like Earth-Moon or Earth-Sun without any energy expenditure.

The law applicable to the type of space in which the aerospace object is located should prevail.

However, there may be special requirements different in the take-off and in landing from the existing rules.

The registration by a State in its appropriate registries of any flying object as an aircraft or a spacecraft is the formal criterion for the application to it of its respective national and international air or space law rules.

In our view, re-entries into Earth ' s atmosphere of all United States Space Shuttles, which were successively flown above the national airspace of many third States, may be considered as precedents of a kind of innocent passage.

At the present time, in view of the recent development of the aerospace object system, there are no specific norms applicable to such objects in either national or international law.

The Subcommittee noted that the Programme on Space Applications for 1995 had been carried out satisfactorily, and commended the work accomplished by the Expert in carrying out the work programme.

The Subcommittee further agreed that national research on space debris should continue, and that Member States should make the results of that research available to all interested parties.

The result is that a telescope of modest size can outperform most radars for detection of debris at extreme altitudes.

The Russian Space Agency has a similar telescope capability used to maintain the orbits of HEO objects in their catalogue.

Examples are given in table 2. below.

The view was also expressed that a set of international rules for the launch of spacecraft should be codified, based on current practices of space agencies, in order to reduce the growth of orbital debris.

The Subcommittee noted with satisfaction that, at its invitation, COSPAR and IAF had organized a symposium on the theme on 12 and 13 February 1996, as described in paragraphs 16 and 17 of the present report.

Those delegations were also of the view that the current practices of the bureau of the Subcommittee were satisfactory, and that there was no need to define the term and composition of the bureau.

It recommended that the Committee should give due consideration to the views expressed by delegations on this subject in performing its task of further improving the working methods of the Committee and its subcommittees.

With emphasis on the needs of developing countries, those studies could address the following subject areas:

The Programme on Space Applications should be given the full support of the United Nations in order to fully implement the recommendations of UNISPACE 82.

The Committee would also request those bodies to assist in reaching achievable plans for follow-up actions that fall within their mandates.

In addition, the LEOCOM system could provide the location of any user of mobile terminals with an accuracy in the 100 metre range.

Examples of programmes where engineers from developing countries were trained on small satellite design, production and operations were numerous.

The launching of the satellite was scheduled for 1996.

The 46 kg microsatellite would be put into circular orbit at 650 kilometres with an inclination of 82.5 degrees in August 1996.

The 60 kg microsatellite would be able to provide images of cultivated fields, natural vegetation and pollution around the globe.

Realization of such projects would result in concentrations of satellite mass at certain regions of space around the Earth.

Collisions with space debris had been considered for reactors launched in the period 1970-1988 and injected into orbits within the altitude range of 700-1,000 kilometres.

Heightened public awareness about NEO and hazards associated with possible impacts must be met with a responsible explanation based on scientific knowledge.

Moreover, in terms of telemedicine, the Program also allowed for instantaneous consultation between agents in the field, scientists, doctors and other health-care workers in the event of disease outbreak.

The data generated by the survey sampling frames and prediction models could be used in agricultural surveys as a way of accurately predicting crop yields, estimating and mapping crop damage, monitoring conservation practices and implementing precision farming practices.

This would undoubtedly reduce costs to farmers as well as the impact on the environment by the effective and selective utilization of fertilizer, water and other growth aids.

This system being developed, would utilize change detection analysis using a multispectral satellite system with a 10 metre ground resolution.

For a developing country looking to benefit from space exploration, that opportunity was unique and ultimately would provide the country with an example of how space exploration could be used.

As Brazilian industry experience in that area grew, the National Institute for Space Research of Brazil (INPE) also saw an opportunity and sought to find suitable companies to manufacture solar panels.

Through this relationship, a private company had been able to manufacture solar panels for INPE as well as work on the China-Brazil Earth Resources Satellite programme.

Finally, the more developed of the developing countries should make continuing efforts to assist the less developed countries.

At INTA, the participants heard a presentation by the Director-General of INTA on the Spanish satellite MINISAT 01 and toured the new ground control centre.

Such satellites made it possible for a country with even a small research budget and little or no experience with space technology to participate in their development, launching and operation.

In addition, INTA had recently become involved in the NanoSat programme, aimed at the development of a 20-kg microsatellite for communication with the Spanish scientific base Juan Carlos I in Antarctica.

It had recently been used by the Portuguese Ministry of Defence to communicate with army units in different parts of the world (e.g. Angola and Bosnia and Herzegovina).

There were unique needs at the national and regional levels that demanded new solutions.

The microsatellite used modern, sophisticated, but not necessarily space-proven, electronic circuits to provide a high degree of capability.

The circuits were underpinned by space-proven subsystems resulting in a layered architecture that achieved redundancy by using alternative technologies rather than by simple duplication.

Various ESA member States had flown, were developing or were planning small missions.

The energy was provided by solar arrays combined with a nickel cadmium chemical battery.

The satellite would be ready for launch in the year 2000.

International cooperative agreements varied from mission to mission and from country to country; most required each country to assume full financial and technical responsibility for its portion of the cooperative effort.

While industrialized countries suffered greater economic damage in absolute terms, developing countries were impacted more severely in relative terms.

Donor governments and international funding agencies can then be approached for support in the form of technical assistance, education, training and, when necessary, financing.

The gross national product (GNP) lost as a result of natural disasters is estimated to be 20 times greater in developing countries than in industrialized countries.

The first, largely a technical ability, is the identification of a potential risk (i.e. the likelihood of occurrence of a hazardous phenomenon).

Impacts on the public infrastructure are severe, require large sums of money for critical reinvestment and severely impair the capacity of countries to cope with the crises in human and financial terms.

One of its main functions is to mobilize, direct and coordinate external assistance provided by the United Nations system in response to disasters.

Studies and demonstration projects have already identified areas where savings could reduce costs by about two thirds.

Radar imaging will be essential for providing accurate and timely information on lahar-affected areas to be used for disaster mitigation strategies such as early warning and evacuation plans.

Today, the China Satellite Educational Television Project uses over 90,000 terminals, all manufactured in China.

Those workshops were of particular importance for regular contacts at the scientific level between participating countries, as no other forum allows scientists from developing countries to interact in such an effective manner.

Another training programme is being negotiated through the Overseas Development Administration of the United Kingdom for post-graduate studies in astronomy at a university in the United Kingdom.

Such sites involve countries from Morocco to the western deserts of China.

The minimum number of network stations necessary to follow the variable stars each night without interruption is 10.

During the workshop, a core group of about 10 scientists worked at Fermilab.

Regional cooperation between the astronomers of Asia has a high potential for the development of astronomy in some of the smaller countries.

It is exceedingly difficult to convince such an individual that for an astronomer in a developing country, e-mail, if available at all, is often intermittent and unreliable.

Chief executive officers and senior technical managers of private institutions and industrial establishments were also invited to the Conference.

A few African countries are connected to the global Internet system using available space technologies.

In order to promote cooperation among African countries, a greater understanding of the following cooperation issues is necessary:

In the same paragraph of that resolution, the Assembly considered that, to the extent possible, information thereon should be provided to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.

The Republic of Korea reports that at present it has two KITSAT satellites and two KOREASAT satellites in orbit.

While the United Kingdom has been involved with the activities of the IADC from its inception, via its membership of ESA, this was the first meeting attended by the United Kingdom as independent members.

In addition to the involvement in the mandatory programme (general activities including general studies, the technology programme and the science programme) Austria participates in the following optional programmes:

The Space Research Institute (IKI) of the former Soviet Union initiated an international effort called Mars-94 with two almost identical spacecraft.

The coast phase will start about 22 days before the Titan encounter.

During the entry phase the probe will be decelerated from 6.8 km/s to 300 m/s.

Combined in-situ and ground based measurements revealed no correlation between the two phenomena which contradicts earlier computer simulations.

By means of multi-spacecraft analysis based on data from VEGA 1/2, PHOBOS 1/2, Pioneer Venus Orbiter and IMP 8 a special magnetic field structure known as " magnetic cloud " could be identified.

The behaviour of the magnetic field in the close vicinity of the Mars moon Phobos in the upstream region was studied in detail.

In order to link satellite orbits to the ITRF, the Department of Satellite Geodesy of the Space Research Institute in Graz operates the geodynamical observatory Graz-Lustbühel on a permanent basis.

During the 1995 about 2630 satellite passes were tracked and about 7 millions echoes recorded.

Two additional laser-frequencies were derived by a Raman-tube and returns successfully detected from a representative selection of satellites (including LAGEOS).

They carry instrumentation similar to the one aboard the main satellites and are at a variable distance (up to a few thousand kilometres away) and thus allow to differentiate between spatial and temporal effects.

Since 1988, two single-frequency GPS receivers of different types are operated at TUG in an air-conditioned laboratory.

At TUG, all measurements were done using a 1.8 m VSAT-satellite terminal which is INTELSAT and EUTELSAT approved.

In contrast to conventional systems it can support multiple sites simultaneously.

The investigations after the flights were aimed at the relations between physical target properties and polarimetric radar measurements and at the development of classification methods for complex terrain.

In addition, it will undertake the systematic analysis with respect to the field survey archive data leading to the production of catalogues of all serendipitous sources detected by XMM, and it will organise follow-up ground and space based observations.

A Co-I participation in the program " Mass-Loss and Evolution of AGB Stars in the LMC " will focus on the IR emission of variable AGB stars using ISOCAM.

Also studied were the isotopic composition of various tektites (rare natural glasses that form in meteorite impacts).

Similarly, on the Austrian side, ASM has prime responsibility.

The evolution of this project could provide low-cost remote sensing benefits to developing countries.

International contacts have been established with:

The maneuvering capability of MAGION 4 was successfully used to control and optimize the distance between INTERBALL 1 and MAGION 4.

Simultaneously, NOAA low resolution data were used to study the dynamics of the vegetation development during the season and to assess its phenological stage.

It is based in Quito, the capital city of the Republic of Ecuador, and administers the Cotopaxi satellite data receiving, recording and processing station, which is located 70 kilometres south of Quito.

A two-year pilot project for practical demonstration of satellite-based developmental communication and training network for rural upliftment has been taken up in a tribal district of Madhya Pradesh in Central India.

The instrument is presently measuring charged particles streaming outwards from the Sun (the Solar Wind) into interplanetary space Detection range 40 keV to several tens of MeV).

This is an ultra high speed ion composition analyser which should investigate plasma processes in the Martian neighbourhood for an international consortium lead by the Mullard Space Science Laboratory, England.

The Satellite data are useful to weather forecasting on an operational basis, and are used in the International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project (ISCCP) and the Global Precipitation Climatology Project (GPCP) of WMO.

Multi-functional Transport Satellite (MTSAT): JMA is going on procedures for production of MTSAT as a successor to GMS-5 in cooperation with the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau (JCAB), Ministry of Transport since 1994.

HOPE-X will be developed to perform flight experiments as a part of reusable type transportation system, which should reduce transportation costs drastically.

In each of these sectors an evolution in infrastructure was evident during the course of the year, especially in the sector of satellite-based telecommunications.

Since its establishment, the Center has been playing an active role in planning programs needed for remote sensing technology.

In addition to performing its tasks for the Board, the Swedish Space Corporation is now active in a number of areas related to space technology and remote sensing.

This invention makes possible the location of several thousand mobiles on a single radio channel.

Sweden participates in the ESA programmes for development of the Ariane launchers, i.e. the present Ariane 5, as well as in the programmes aimed at improving the launcher.

Most of these have been and are international cooperative projects.

A joint Scandinavian Intelsat earth station is located at Tanum on the west coast of Sweden.

Another project currently under implementation is the preparation of a unified large-scale earth-science map of Lebanon.

It has several satellite communication stations and direct television and radio broadcasting stations.

When the development of the computer network of the User Services is successfully completed, the users can login to place the order on-line.

Its launching date has been shifted from 1996 to 1997.

The ongoing interaction with the Russian Federation on the Shuttle-Mir and International Space Station programs has contributed positively to the United States policy of encouraging the Russian Federation to continue on its course to democratization and a market economy.

DoC ' s Office of Air and Space Commercialization and the Office of Aerospace assisted with commercial space launch agreements with the Russian Federation and China.

Under the United States-Russia Business Development Committee/Aerospace Subgroup, the Office of Aerospace organized a trade visit of Russian aeronautics officials to the United States in November 1994.

The work plan evolved from statements by the United States, France, Germany, Canada, India, and the European Space Agency.

In addition, in order to reduce the thermal flows of oxygen at the initial period in orbit, the vehicle launching time is selected to avoid long periods of solar illumination.

However, to minimize the casualty area where the surviving fragments would be scattered, the structure should be strong enough to withstand break-up caused by aerodynamic force at an altitude of 70-80 km.

The first five workshops were attended by over 300 invited participants from 50 countries and 15 national and international organizations.

The programme will be free of charge, the cost of the training programme being borne by the Centre.

South Africa has expressed an interest in operating the astronomical observatory on behalf of the international community.

These technologies allow for cost-effective delivery direct from space interactive services such as Internet and videoconferencing to fixed and mobile end-users.

For a number of years the Subcommittee had maintained the required efficiency in that area by adopting various appropriate measures.

It had agreed at its previous session that an organization of work similar to that adopted at its thirty-fourth session should serve as a basis for organizing the work of its thirty-fifth session (A/AC.105/607 and Corr.1, para. 14).

A notable move towards enhancing the criteria for dealing with the issue had been the questionnaire on aerospace systems.

India considered that any revision of the Principles should aim at the better implementation of the agreed safety standards, and not at their dilution.

Closer collaboration was needed with the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) because of the conflicting views of delegations concerning its role in that respect.

He hoped the new paper would enable further progress to be made on that subject.

In that connection the planned frequency bands and services for which countries had been allotted orbital positions at various ITU conferences should not be affected by any new regulations.

Determination of the law regarding innocent through-flights would not do away with the need to settle the situation regarding the delimitation of space, since it was not clear to what altitude the regime governing innocent through-flight should extend.

He welcomed the new working paper on the latter subject submitted by Colombia (A/AC.105/C.2/200 and Corr.1).

To attempt a demarcation would stir up unnecessary difficulty.

That was not the meaning of the principle.

Little use was made of planned frequency assignments, which represented frozen capacity that countries held in reserve for future use.

It believed that the orbit and the radio-frequency spectrum were limited natural resources that should be used rationally, efficiently, economically and equitably for the benefit of all States.

He agreed with the Turkish representative that rules of law could not be modified by resolutions of the General Assembly.

The Subcommittee had adopted the same arrangements the previous year (see document A/AC.105/607, paras. 27 and 29).

General Assembly resolution 50/27 did not apply to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, which had no summary records.

At the current session that flexibility had been maintained and yet it looked as through the proceedings might be concluded by the middle of the second week.

Even so, it could give rise to customary practice consistent with the spirit of the subject and its doctrine.

Interference in their activities should be avoided.

His delegation hoped that a spirit of cooperation would enable the Subcommittee to recommend a simple unified set of principles to the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space for adoption by the General Assembly.

That would result in savings, impart more flexibility to their work and restore a sense of unity to the Committee and its two subcommittees, which tended at present to operate as separate entities.

Nor was it feasible for working groups to meet without interpretation.

He asked for clarification of the comment made by the Secretary at the 593rd meeting (A/AC.105/C.2/SR.593, para. 31) to the effect that no savings would be achieved by reducing the session to two weeks.

On the other hand, when the time came to draft important instruments of space law, the Subcommittee might decide that summary records were necessary to ensure that its proceedings were properly reflected.

Although the proposal for a review of existing norms of international law applicable to space debris had been discussed extensively, no conclusion had been reached on the matter.

Accordingly, any saving made in servicing the meetings of the Subcommittee, as calculated at the end of the biennium, would be regarded as available for other purposes and not necessarily for the meetings of the Subcommittee itself.

It consists of two operative transponders, one for the forward link from fixed Earth stations (FES) to mobile terminals and the other for the return link from mobile terminals to FES.

Fifteen political prisoners and prisoners of war were still serving terms in United States jails.

There was also a remarkable degree of national unity in the desire to obtain the release of the 15 Puerto Rican political prisoners, whose only crime had been to fight for the liberation of their country.

In that regard, the United States Congress could not demand absolute power, then fail to acknowledge that it had borne primary responsibility for the political, economic and social situation in the Territory since 1898.

They had voted against colonization in a referendum in 1993.

Clarifying Puerto Rico’s political status would encourage its development, particularly in the economic, social, political and cultural spheres.

Unemployment was three times as high as in the United States, and median family income and levels of education were lower.

Since there was considerable overlap in the questions, they were consolidated to avoid repetition.

Following requests made by some delegations during the ninth INCD Session, the document includes the Secretariat ' s planned activities for the last quarter of 1996; planned activities for the year 1997 will be provided as Addendum 1 to this document.

A follow-up meeting was convened in Mexico City on 17-19 June 1996, with the support of UNDP, UNEP and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).

UNHCR have developed a revised Audit Certification requirement which is being presented to the Standing Committee (see EC/46/SC/CRP.45).

Furthermore, a collaborative effort throughout the organization will be undertaken to develop a set of meaningful indicators to monitor different types of projects or objectives and to devise a user-friendly format for recording which provides substantial and useful information.

As part of the ongoing effort to improve implementing partner accounting, delivery and performance, UNHCR is focusing on prequalification and previous performance in the selection of implementing partners.

The agreements reached at the major United Nations conferences and the work being done in the Agenda for Development exercise represented progress, as the Secretary-General had observed.

Progress in the newly independent countries had been less rapid but the prospects for growth perspectives were good, if the Governments continued with the current sound financial policies and market reforms.

In that connection, in joining the World Trade Organization, Russia could increase its capacity for integration in the world economy fairly rapidly.

The draft also sought to give impetus to collaboration between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, which could only have favourable effects for all parties concerned.

Participants in the special session should consider the progress made and make available the necessary resources to assist developing countries.

In short, international information on developing countries should cease to reflect solely the major problems afflicting them; it should also deal with the causes of those problems.

Those favourable trends should encourage all Member States to intensify international cooperation.

Slovakia supported modern models of sustainable production and consumption and the principles of sustainable development, and, in that connection, recognized the need to seek solutions to environmental problems in a pan-European and global context.

It should be noted that the CEFTA countries provided the developing countries with a very liberal Generalized System of Preferences (GSP), with specific advantages for the least developed countries.

His country ' s main objective was the achievement of social justice in conditions of economic freedom and democracy, constant improvement of living standards and an equitable distribution of wealth.

Developing countries should also be more involved in international macroeconomic policy-making.

On that occasion, new issues, such as those relating to the social clause and the multilateral agreement on investment, trade and competition policy, should be avoided; they were complex, controversial and could adversely shift the balance against developing countries.

In addition, genuine liberalization of trade must be broad and include the movement of labour across national borders.

Such actions reflected his country ' s determination to continue making a contribution to the establishment of a global partnership for development and the promotion of sustainable development, which was one of the main missions of the United Nations.

The global environmental deterioration had been the result of unsustainable consumption patterns and production processes, especially in the industrialized countries, which were responsible for the greater proportion of pollutant emissions, including toxic and hazardous wastes.

In that respect, he asked what influence the work of the United Nations and, especially, a meeting like the World Summit for Social Development, had on the activities of IMF.

Unfortunately, fewer and fewer resources were being allocated for such activities.

Greater transparency was also needed with respect to the proposed reforms of the United Nations programmes and funds.

The implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/227 had made it possible to avoid duplication in many areas.

In that regard, her Government was also conscious of the importance of the assistance of non-governmental organizations and the private sector, and always endeavoured to involve them in all social development activities.

In future, more needs would have to be met and better results obtained with a constantly shrinking pool of resources; that was a matter of concern to developing countries such as Guinea, which had many pressing development needs.

Inter-agency collaboration should be strengthened and the necessary steps should be taken to ensure that the issue of refugee and internally displaced children would be taken into account in the relevant policies and programmes of the United Nations system.

The majority of Member States did not recognize the concept of purchasing power parity and its use should be avoided in UNDP publications.

They needed substantial increases in resources in order to ensure that their operational activities for development could progress on a continuous and assured basis.

The WFP financial management improvement project had enhanced controls in the field, reduced the backlog of field reports, integrated headquarters and field financial components and improved financial reporting to donors.

Greater collective efforts must be made to guarantee security and political stability in situations where humanitarian needs were being addressed, especially those involving women and children.

Countries of origin, countries of asylum and the international community must take concerted measures with regard to conflict prevention, preventive diplomacy, democracy-building and economic development.

On the other, the countries of asylum had to eliminate all actions that could deter refugee repatriation.

Humanitarian activities should combine emergency relief with rehabilitation and development efforts.

Moreover, measures should be taken to ensure the functioning of an independent judicial system, the restitution of property and the payment of compensation.

The fourth preambular paragraph should read as follows:

According to the revised timetable, the process of disarmament and demobilization of combatants was to begin by the end of the current month.

Had there been a greater commitment to those principles, particularly that of non-refoulement, the tragic consequences of the exodus of Liberian refugees by sea following the April fighting might not have occurred.

Bhutan was already host to a large community of people of Nepalese origin, who enjoyed all the privileges of citizenship in its territory, but the country could not continue to absorb an unending tide of illegal immigration.

His Government believed that the number of Afghan refugees in Pakistan was approximately 1.4 million, and not 864,000 as indicated in the UNHCR report.

His delegation hoped that UNHCR would be able to increase its capacity so as to play its role.

In order to ensure the smooth implementation of the law, the Government had adopted regulations that complemented the laws on emigration and immigration in force since 1992.

A unified system of information on migratory processes was nearly completed.

His delegation wished to reiterate its Government ' s willingness to immediately seek a trilateral agreement for the repatriation of the Eritrean refugees.

In his view, such an attitude could only be described as repugnant " blackmail " and " exploitation of humanitarian problems ".

Its early warning measures and urgent procedures were also commendable, and constituted an important contribution to the prevention of racial discrimination.

Colombia was party to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and had submitted its periodic reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.

Therefore, he emphasized the need for the Centre to be provided with the necessary resources to carry out the activities organized for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination.

His delegation could not accept that the lack of manpower had prevented the Special Rapporteur from consulting Member States on matters which concerned them; in failing to consult Member States, the Special Rapporteur had violated an elementary principle of justice.

In Section III, paragraph 22, of his report, the Special Rapporteur had gone too far in citing Thailand as a country which claimed that the presence of immigrants was a threat to the country ' s security.

Urgent national and international action was required not only to combat that heinous crime, but also to address its root causes.

The Memorandum provided that children would be sent to school and training centres and receive stipends.

Its contribution to defending the rights of children should be recognized in the omnibus resolution on the rights of the child to be adopted by the General Assembly at its fifty-first session.

The adoption of the Declaration and Agenda for Action had been facilitated by pre-conference consultations.

The ethical nature of any solutions offered to such problems should be examined, as the world was being sucked into a desolate moral vacuum.

Furthermore, the term " illegitimate child " would be removed from civil registry documents, with retroactive effect.

Thus, for six years Iraq had been suffering under iniquitous international sanctions of unprecedented severity.

The international community should assist the developing countries in their fight against poverty and in their efforts to protect children so that they could enjoy a normal childhood.

Despite admirable mine-clearance efforts, there was much work ahead and international support was indispensable.

De facto impunity seemed to stem from the entrenched power of the armed forces and the police.

As a result, there was no legal forum in Cambodia to determine the constitutionality of various proposed laws.

Those accusations as well as the references by the Special Rapporteur to the nature of the political regime in Iraq were based on an obvious desire to tarnish the country ' s reputation.

Despite the construction of prisons and the rehabilitation of existing detention centres, such arrests had worsened overcrowding in prisons, triggering a more than threefold increase in the number of inmates.

Mr. Beko Ransome-Kuti, in particular, was said to be suffering from malaria and malnutrition.

The situation in Rwanda was the direct consequence of genocide, the perpetrators of which had not been brought to justice.

In that connection, it should be pointed out that the judicial system based on the Shariah provided for the death penalty in such cases.

He received allegations from various sources, including a number of non-governmental organizations and other organizations and individuals.

The main reason invoked by United States officials to justify their action, namely the need to defend their strategic interests, had nothing to do with the protection of human rights.

Thus, those persons holding passports from the former Soviet Union who were not Estonian citizens had had the choice of applying for Estonian citizenship or for citizenship of the State of their choice.

An operative paragraph 6 bis should be added, reading: " Requests the Secretary-General to include in his proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 appropriate activities to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration ".

The Declaration had been adopted in December 1948.

Fifty years later, visible progress had been made.

His delegation hoped that a peaceful settlement would be attained through negotiation, overtures of peace and cooperation.

Tunisia had thus adopted a law aimed at restructuring its educational system and curricula in order to enable young persons to assimilate their rights and duties and to exercise them on a daily basis.

The Carthage Charter on Tolerance, adopted in 1995 as part of the preparations for the United Nations Year for Tolerance, had paved the way for dialogue and the strengthening of peace and cooperation among the peoples of the Mediterranean basin.

Those countries acted as though the Committee ' s work on human rights had no application to themselves, and took it upon themselves to give the countries of the South lessons in good behaviour.

Several countries in the Asia-Pacific region had recently established such institutions or were in the process of doing so, which was a welcome development.

It was also trying to strengthen legal and administrative institutions in the countries of the region, thereby encouraging respect for human rights, through its official development assistance (ODA) programme.

Belgium, Benin, Bhutan, Burundi, Fiji, Guinea, Indonesia, Mongolia, Niger and Rwanda had joined the sponsors.

Unfortunately, the consultations had not achieved that result.

In paragraph 10 of the draft resolution, the word " Mohammed " before the word " Najibullah " should be deleted.

Once an operation was deployed, a training programme was conducted for the mission headquarters staff.

The relevant United Nations bodies should not confuse peacekeeping operations with peace-building activities; still less should they force extraneous elements into peacekeeping operations under the pretext that the funding issue was difficult to resolve.

His delegation believed that those posts should be financed without recourse to so-called " loaned " officers.

His delegation agreed with other delegations on the need for clear-cut political direction and a unified command and control structure for each operation, with an indication of the specific responsibilities and authority of each commanding officer.

In that connection it urged States which were unable to provide troops at least to provide equipment in order to facilitate the speedy deployment of peacekeeping operations.

The Security Council must stay abreast of the operations at all stages, and the United Nations Secretariat should ensure a smooth transition from preventive diplomacy to peacekeeping.

Unfortunately, thus far, only 43 States had signed the Convention and nine had become parties to it, although 71 Member States currently took part in United Nations peacekeeping activities.

The Secretary-General should be requested to prepare a report containing an analysis of the proposal and its ramifications.

His country promoted such exchanges and participated actively in symposia and seminars held for that purpose.

His country supported an improvement in the Organization ' s rapid-reaction capabilities in relation to peacekeeping and was prepared to extend cooperation for the further development of that concept.

In order to improve the effectiveness of peacekeeping operations, it was necessary to define their mandates clearly, set feasible and precise objectives and ensure the availability of sufficient resources for their implementation.

While it was important to ensure the success of peacekeeping operations, the need for economic and social development should not be ignored.

During its implementation, Mozambique had acquired considerable experience and developed capabilities which could be useful for peacekeeping operations worldwide.

It should be noted, however, that the least-developed countries had a limited capacity to contribute.

It had actively participated in the quest for peaceful and lasting solutions to conflicts and in the efforts to create new institutions and mechanisms that would facilitate the resolution of conflicts in the Africa region.

The Russian Federation had made concrete proposals regarding its practical contribution to that system to the United Nations Secretariat.

It believed that the interests of troop-contributing States should be duly taken into account by the Security Council when establishing new operations or extending the mandates of operations already deployed.

As a consequence of the lack of funds, the Department had continued to resort to the practice of using military officers on loan.

In that connection Togo welcomed the adoption in 1994 of the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel.

Furthermore, the United Nations must try to avoid the risk of an excessive fragmentation of its thinking on peace operations as a whole.

Although Viet Nam recognized the importance of United Nations peacekeeping operations, it believed that they should never be regarded as a substitute for the political settlement of disputes and that they should be of a temporary nature.

In that regard the Central American countries noted with satisfaction the mechanism for conducting consultations between the troop-contributing countries, the Security Council and the Secretariat.

There was a need to set in motion a peacekeeping mechanism, and his delegation shared the Secretary-General ' s view regarding the importance of preventive diplomacy in averting armed conflicts that might pose a threat to international peace and security.

A clearly defined mandate for operations and a distinction between peace enforcement and peacemaking at the early stages of mission planning were vital for the success of a mission on the ground.

In that connection, he noted with satisfaction the establishment, within the Department of Humanitarian Affairs, of a humanitarian early-warning system database, which could be accessed by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.

For such activities, information and an effective early-warning and rapid-reaction system were essential.

Cuba felt that maximum efforts should continue to be made to settle conflicts at an early stage using various methods to facilitate the peaceful settlement of disputes.

In that regard it must be pointed out that the contribution of Member States must be paid in full, on time and without any conditions.

In recent years, the nature of peacekeeping operations had changed, and they had begun to be carried out on a broader scale.

Recent developments in many parts of the world had reinforced the need to redouble efforts to strengthen the preventive and peacekeeping capabilities of the United Nations.

Encouragement should be given to further cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations on mutually reinforcing measures in the field of preventive diplomacy, peacekeeping and peacemaking.

In that connection, it should be pointed out that those difficulties were reducing the effectiveness of the activities being carried out.

The only way to solve it was a political process and, ultimately, the lifting of the regime for closing the territories, which, to a certain extent, would help normalize the situation in the region.

Obviously, harsh economy measures introduced were not a solution to the serious financial problem since they forced the Agency to reduce vitally important expenditures in such areas of operations as the utilization of buildings and motor-vehicle maintenance.

The Working Group believed that the General Assembly could not countenance such a prospect.

Although Canada believed that some changes in the way in which those services were delivered would be inevitable, they must be timed to be supportive of the evolution of the peace process.

Instead, the deficit of UNRWA continued to increase, and had reached a very critical point which endangered the very existence of the Agency.

His delegation hoped that the relocation of UNRWA headquarters to the area of operations would give it a better appreciation of the problems on the ground and help it pursue its mandate in a more cost-effective manner.

As a result, the minimum basic needs of the Palestinian refugees would not be met.

Earlier in the year, Israel had been rocked by a spate of Islamic fundamentalist suicide bombings.

The possibilities of expanding the donor base must be explored, if possible in cooperation with the host Governments.

Furthermore, that trend might have an adverse effect on the peace process as a whole.

It was unfortunate that, despite the best efforts by the Commissioner-General to effect savings where possible, UNRWA had found itself in serious financial difficulty earlier in the year.

The gap between the current reality and the hopes of reconciliation, peace and prosperity engendered by the 1993 peace process was unfortunately widening.

It was also continuing to make an annual contribution of 1.5 million dollars to the UNRWA budget and would continue to provide financial support to the Agency.

The Israeli Government ' s decision to authorize the expansion of settlements, the confiscation of Palestinian land and the opening of a tunnel near the Al-Aqsa mosque were also part of that process.

The General Assembly, in its resolution 50/28 A, had extended the Agency ' s mandate to 30 June 1999.

Postponing action might have serious consequences for the interests of the peoples of those territories.

The same sectors which were advocating efficiency and the need to reduce costs were proposing measures which would prolong the decision-making process and require further meetings of the Committee.

India, like other members of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, did not accept those delaying tactics and called on all delegations to vote against the proposal for deferral.

The current practice of engaging consultants needed to be substantially overhauled so as to reduce its scale drastically and broaden the geographical base and the transparency and objectiveness of the selection process.

In the implementation of the New Agenda during the plan period, therefore, the issues of mobilization of financial resources, transfer of technology and external debt must be highlighted in the programme narrative as central issues.

His delegation wished to know how far the proposed structure conformed to what the resolution actually called for.

Specifically, he wondered whether the proposed structure was in accordance with the desires of the majority of Member States, which attached great importance to the right to development.

Those instruments can be covered by the umbrella of the Convention because they share a wide area of common use.

It does so by referring to issuance in any form that preserves a complete record of the text of the undertaking and provides a generally acceptable or specifically agreed means of authentication (article 7(2)).

By allowing discretion to the guarantor/issuer acting in good faith, the Convention is sensitive to the concern of guarantor/issuers over preserving the commercial reliability of undertakings as promises that are independent from underlying transactions.

Thus far the Working Group had aimed at achieving that result by means of a text that addressed the essential issues raised by cross-border insolvencies without being unnecessarily complex or ambitious.

It was agreed that subparagraphs (a) and (b) should also cover such temporary situations.

Also, the phrase “with human means” was felt to be vague and to lend itself to misunderstandings.

It was suggested that the Working Group should consider using alternative language or omitting those references altogether.

The retention of the words in square brackets could serve the purpose of indicating that foreign tax and social security claims were not subsumed in the general reference to " foreign creditors " made earlier in paragraph (1).

Such a system required a higher degree of coordination between representatives in main proceedings and non-main proceedings and a more restrictive rule than the one contained in paragraph (1) of the draft Model Provisions.

In those jurisdictions, the courts might require proof by the foreign representative of an imminent danger to the assets of the debtor that would result from the continuation of individual actions.

Nevertheless, the Working Group considered that it would be useful for the draft Model Provisions to retain that possibility in the form of an option for the enacting State presented outside the text of the provision itself.

In support of that opinion it was stated that the limits were necessary to diminish the possibility of several representatives in non-main proceedings competing for relief in one or more States.

It was also stated that, as a compromise situation, one could consider allowing the opening of a non-main proceeding where assets, but not an “establishment”, were present if certain conditions were fulfilled.

Entities operating public infrastructure facilities are often regarded as providers of “public utilities” or “public services”, although the notions of “public utilities” or “public services” have evolved over time and vary widely among States.

In some countries, this trend was accompanied by an expansion of the notions of “public services” or “public utilities” so as to cover a number of activities thus far carried out by the private sector.

Modern privately-financed infrastructure projects are usually developed under the “project finance” modality, which is briefly examined below.

As a consequence of their operating methods, Islamic financial institutions may be more inclined to considering direct or indirect equity participation in a project than other commercial banks.

Often, the project sponsors will establish an independent legal entity to carry out the project, and with which the host Government will conclude a project agreement.

Possible legislative approaches to dealing with these issues are considered in chapter X, “Performance issues”.

The contract may require the construction contractor to provide warranties that the infrastructure facility will operate to predetermined performance standards.

Therefore, it will be important for the project company to ensure that supplies and power needed for the operation of the facility will be constantly available.

An example of a possible provision to that effect, combined with an authorization for the host Government to transfer land to the project company, might be drafted along the following lines:

For example, the law may provide that the Government has to issue the expropriation decree, while the concessionaire remains responsible for all subsequent steps of the expropriation procedures, including the payment of compensation to the owners.

The host Government has a legitimate interest in seeking an equity level that assures a sound financial basis for the project company and guarantees its capability to meet its obligations.

The daily management of the project might be impaired if even minor questions concerning the company ' s internal affairs routinely required prior governmental clearance.

A different approach is to be found in countries that do not have such general legislation and that have preferred to enact specific laws covering privately-financed projects in particular fields of activity.

The law may also authorize a provisional operation of the facility, pending final acceptance by the host Government.

In those cases, it might be desirable to provide that the host Government will give written notice to the project company to meet pending conditions, prior to terminating the project agreement.

In some legal systems, the host Government has the right to take over temporarily the operation of the facility, normally in the case of serious failure to perform by the project company.

Such impediments may be the consequence of natural phenomena, such as fire, storms or flood, or of human actions, such as war, riots or revolts.

The court concluded therefore that the Italian company could not be held liable for breach of the part of the commercial collaboration contract pertaining to sales.

Under article 64(1) the seller could declare the contract avoided.

According to this letter, the ship ' s insurer undertook to settle, up to a given amount, any final penalty imposed by a decision of the Commercial Court of Marseille or the competent Court of Appeal.

On that basis, the court upheld the claim for compensation submitted by the consignee ' s insurers.

The Cyprus Government contrary to the schemes of Turkey, is recognized as the representative of the people of Cyprus as a whole.

It is widely recognized that this settlement, which would bring about peace and prosperity to the people of Cyprus is undermined as a result of the Turkish attitude.

Moreover, in such proceedings the body having jurisdiction may request an opinion from the competent public institutions.

It also adopted the comprehensive Plan of Action for Equal Opportunities for Women by means of Decree No. 53/1994 of 3 March.

It also set up the Regional Advisory Committee on Women ' s Issues to cooperate with and advise the Women ' s Directorate-General in developing a plan for equal opportunities for women.

One of the reasons for this is that Spain is a member of the European Union, so that the Spanish State has an obligation to incorporate Community law into its domestic law.

It also should be noted that the number of women obtaining qualifications for the textile trades decreased between 1991 (84.07 per cent) and 1994 (52.14 per cent).

In the case of second-year studies, the percentage was almost the reverse: women at that level accounted for 3.73 per cent of all women while men accounted for 5.16 per cent of all men.

Source: Survey of the Economically Active Population, fourth quarter.

Similarly, in order to eliminate discrimination against women in matters relating to the care of children, the above-mentioned Act No. 4/1995 allows fathers and mothers to request paternity/maternity leave.

The National Health Institute currently has 163 maternity wards, and during 1995 a total of 103,152 babies were delivered throughout the network of public hospitals.

In this respect, the Committee encourages the authorities to pursue their cooperation with the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights.

Concern is expressed at the status and situation of girl children and the insufficiency of measures to prevent and combat discrimination practised against them.

The Committee also notes with concern that the minimum age for employment in Uruguayan law is lower than the minimum age provided for in applicable international conventions, although Uruguay has ratified ILO Convention No. 138.

It is also worried about the insufficient level of support given to single parent families.

It was mentioned that such stereotypes were not only the responsibility of the media but involved the society at large.

The group is expected to report to the Committee at a future session (May-June 1997).

Has assiduously followed the work of the Third Committee of the General Assembly on issues relative to the rights of the child, contributing, in 1995, to the drafting of the landmark resolution 50/153 for a comprehensive treatment of these issues.

Had the opportunity to chair some of them, to act as secretary, or Rapporteur to others, to present papers and documents to many of them, and to edit the papers and proceedings of a few.

The State shall seek to ensure equal treatment of men and women and to remove existing disadvantages.

Membership in such a group is the personal decision of the individual; it is not registered, examined or contested by the State.

At present, it runs 53 schools covering a whole range of school types as well as 61 kindergartens.

The secondary schools - intermediate and upper secondary schools - accept pupils as of grades 5 and 6 (orientation level) and teach them up to grade 10 in intermediate secondary schools and up to grade 13 in upper secondary schools.

Moreover, the right to speak Sorbian before the courts in their home counties remains unaffected.

There is a Sorbian upper secondary school in Bautzen (upper Sorbian) and one in Cottbus (lower Sorbian).

Two other upper secondary schools - in Hoyerswerda - offer classes to learn Sorbian.

Teacher training for teachers of the Sorbian language and for Sorbian philologists takes place at Leipzig University.

In addition there are about 25 bilingual children ' s day—care centres.

Approximately 120 associations, including cultural groups in schools, maintain the cultural traditions of the Sorbs in their most varied expressions, including in renowned dance groups, choirs, amateur theatre groups, traditional costumes groups and arts and crafts working groups.

In some of these bodies Frisian is used as the common language at meetings.

It runs a specialized library as well as archives and offers seminars, courses, working groups and lectures.

The North German Broadcasting Station broadcasts a weekly programme (three minutes) which can only be received in certain regions.

It is therefore necessary to describe the development of the two partial labour markets separately.

It is true that the effects of recession have largely subsided on the labour market but the economic situation which is at present relatively good has not yet made itself felt in the field of employment.

From 1988 to 1994 the foreign resident population rose by roughly 2.4 million which corresponds to an increase of 53 per cent.

According to studies the roughly 5.6 million job opportunities which were still available in 1991 for workers without any qualification will steadily decrease and amount to not more than 2.7 or 2.8 million by the year 2010.

In sectoral terms, the large area of services and the construction sector have contributed most to this rise in employment.

From December 1993 to December 1994 the number of employed women liable to pay social insurance contributions rose by roughly 1.6 per cent which corresponded to the increase in the total number of employees liable to pay social insurance contributions.

These gender—specific trends are even more pronounced in the group of the long—term unemployed.

At the end of December 1995, just under 13,000 foreigners were registered as unemployed.

It should also be noted that, contrary to the general tendency, the number of unemployed persons aged 55 and over continued to go up and that in August 1995, it had risen by 40,000 as against the year before.

Co-financed by the European Social Fund (ESF) the ESF/federal programme “AFG-Plus” was launched in November 1994.

It fills gaps in the AFG with regard to the personal scope and the range of instruments.

The number of young persons who are trained in one of the 370 recognized training occupations in Germany amounts to approximately 1.6 million at present.

Therefore, the qualification of foreign workers and their family members is of great importance to ensure their access to employment.

In terms of its contents, however, this new regulation corresponds to the former Act on the Payment of Wages on Public Holidays.

In addition, the following information is supplied on the individual branches of social security listed in question 2.

All periods of employment completed up until 1991 are revalued so that they equal 1.5 times the earnings achieved but 75 per cent of the average wage at the most.

The Act provides that in case of deaths that occur after 1 January 1986 the prerequisites for the payment of survivors' benefits from the statutory occupational accident insurance are the same for widows and widowers.

Regardless of any closeness in terms of place or time “family” may be seen as a succession of generations having biological, social and/or legal ties.

The constituent element of the household concept is the living together of a small group in one household.

For children undergoing training, the receipt of child benefits may be extended until they complete age 27.

On the one hand, the very heterogeneous types of assistance have to be considered in a differentiated way, and on the other hand, the accumulated annual total gives a distorted picture.

The reduction is due to the fact that social integration assistance is not granted to persons who typically stay in the country only for a short period of time.

For women, diseases of the thyroid gland have to be added to this list.

Health—care matters are to a large extent within the competence of the Länder.

The statutory sickness funds are of particular importance (see the comments on art. 9).

However, there are always people who, because of poor educational achievements or for other reasons, have not sufficiently mastered the basic cultural techniques.

The parents are free to decide whether their children should attend schools of the Danish minority.

In accordance with the Basic Law, the municipalities have the right to take care of all matters of local interest within the framework of the laws and under their own responsibility.

Both the Federal Government and the Land governments are convinced that it is increasingly important to develop not only the rule of law and the social dimension but also the cultural dimension of the State.

Consequently, the Danish Parliament and the Danish Government refrain from enacting legislation and exercising administrative powers in the fields where these powers have been transferred to the Home Rule authorities.

Such entitlement is subject to the health, needs, and age of the claimant.

Nursing homes and sheltered dwellings are some of the offers which the municipal council may establish in order to meet its obligations as laid down in the Social Assistance Act.

Diseases not included may, however, in certain cases be attributed to the work if it is established that the disease is caused by the special nature of the work.

However, each year there are many more, up to about 60 per cent, who receive transfer payments in one form or another, for instance in case of unemployment.

These agreements may be part of collective agreements and thus pertain to certain trades or professions on the labour market.

Foreign employees who are subject to a collective agreement are in principle required to participate in labour market pension schemes based on collective agreements.

During the first 14 weeks, normally only the mother may receive the benefit.

The most important way in which the interests of the family are promoted in the context of school attendance at primary level in Denmark is through the great amount of influence on the schooling of the children awarded to parents.

The relatively low level of real house prices may also have had a curbing effect on consumption.

Children with reading and spelling problems receive special education integrated in the normal school (see also art. 13, para. 3).

Their number is unknown.

All campaigns have emphasized a few very powerful approaches to reduce the content of fat in the diet.

At the same time the agreement improves market access for non-subsidized exports.

Nevertheless, the Rent Act contains a number of provisions which cannot be deviated from to the tenant ' s disadvantage.

Expropriation is regulated by law.

Total plans were made for the individual schemes and social projects were set in motion for special groups of tenants such as unemployed immigrants, immigrant mothers with language problems, young criminals, drug users, etc.

As of 1 January 1993 anyone residing in Denmark who needs hospital treatment may choose between all public hospitals and a number of private hospitals which cooperate with the public hospital services.

The plan and changes in it must be submitted to the Minister for Health and the National Board of Health.

The private services are supplied under the National Health Care Reimbursement Scheme administered by the counties.

In spite of the expectations of the majority of the people at the beginning of the 1990s, the transition towards a market economy and democratic political institutions turned out to be rather long and to have a high economic price.

This principle is featured also in the existing Bulgarian legislation.

Their training will be done on the basis of the results of the consulting services project in professional training of the elderly, undertaken with the assistance of the World Bank.

This understanding was accepted and confirmed in Bulgaria following the ILO practice (Convention No. 45 on underground jobs for women of 1935).

Those acts include Decree No. 57 of the Council of Ministers of 1989 on redirecting and effective use of laid—off manpower and Decree No. 110 of the Council of Ministers of 1991 on resolving the immediate problems of employment and unemployment.

The fixed minimum wage valid for the whole country is the focal point in the negotiations on determining wages in the different production branches.

Better conditions for workers and employees can be agreed upon in the collective labour contracts and through the individual agreements between the contracting parties.

Registration in court constitutes only a notification, not a licence.

This right shall be exercised in accordance with conditions and procedures established by a law”.

Health services go together with social security, gymnastics, sport and tourism.

Similar principles also underlie the Professional Training and Unemployment Fund and the Medicare Fund.

Bulgaria ' s initial report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/8/Add.29) was submitted in 1995.

If doctors recommend breast-feeding, the mother shall be entitled to an extended leave after the child reaches eight months, to be decided by the competent medical authorities.

The State pays social benefits for their education and training and while doing their regular service in the armed forces.

No significant changes have been introduced in legislation since then.

All persons having a monthly income less than the basic minimum one are entitled to social benefits from the State.

It was prompted by the first European conference on food policies (Budapest, 1990) and the International Conference on Nutrition (Rome, 1992).

Following the Second World War it has been further developed at various stages, which is the reason why in a number of cases it fails to correspond to the new social realities, and therefore needs to be amended.

Such a right and some elements of its content are derived from different legal norms dealing with the ownership and use of housing.

There is a special chapter XV, which deals with houses and apartment buildings which must conform to the Bulgarian State Standard.

The Cabinet is about to discuss a document entitled “Fundamentals of State Housing Policy”, which has been prepared by the Ministry of Territorial Development and Construction.

Currently, the rural mortality rate is 1.5 to 2 times higher than in the urban areas.

Patients are admitted in at least four specialized wards.

On the one hand, there is the health care information system.

This aspect also includes informing the population about basic health care problems through the mass-media, specialized medical publications, etc.

New legislation guaranteed greater autonomy to medical universities.

The elaboration of the National Health Strategy Health for All, and participation in various programmes on environment and health, AIDS and others, are only part of the activities realized jointly with WHO.

The bilateral health cooperation is best illustrated by the signed treaties and agreements for cooperation in the field of health care and medical science with Belgium, the United Kingdom, Greece and other countries.

The private schools are created according to the order established by the State; their curricula is subject to approval by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technologies.

Highly important are the provisions in the Regulations of the National Arts Centres of the Ministry of Culture.

In the process of collection, preservation, research and diffusion of cultural values all ethnic groups and religious communities are equal before the law.

All this is dooming the competitiveness of the “made—in—Bulgaria” production, signalling further decreases in output levels and technological relevance.

The fullest utilization of the facilities afforded by Bulgaria ' s adherence to regional and international conventions, agreements and other instruments in the scientific and cultural fields is guaranteed by the legislation and is observed in practice.

This will also lead to the creation of a system of institutions designed to form and conduct the national scientific policy.

A State not member of the Commission may submit proposals in accordance with rule 69, paragraph 3, of the rules of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council.

The Council also approves the Commission ' s request to the Secretary-General to provide appropriate additional resources, from within existing overall United Nations resources, to fund the sending of human rights monitors for the purpose set out in paragraph 8 of resolution 1996/72.

Against: Russian Federation, United States of America.

Bangladesh, Lebanon and South Africa subsequently joined the sponsors.

The representative of Algeria and the Observer for Morocco made statements in connection with the resolution after its adoption.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/35.

Angola, Canada, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, France, Malawi and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland subsequently joined the sponsors.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/45.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/48.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/52.

Denmark, Luxembourg, Romania and Sweden subsequently joined the sponsors.

Canada subsequently joined the sponsors.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/79.

The Commission stresses the need to take further steps towards their implementation, including the early release of the East Timorese detained or convicted and further clarification of the circumstances surrounding the Dili incident of 1991.

It further reiterates that the fundamental human rights of the people of the Republic of Chechnya should be upheld, and calls for the holding of free and democratic elections in due time.

The representative of Pakistan made a statement in connection with the resolution after its adoption.

For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/81.

Legislative authority: Commission resolution 1995/82 and decision 1995/114.

Legislative authority: Commission resolution 1996/81.

Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the comprehensive implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (resolution 1996/78, para. 15).

Those States indicated that they were implementing or planning the implementation of the Platform for Action in its entirety, including through the formulation and adoption of national plans, programmes and strategies.

Islam, the source of law, outlawed the use of all forms of violence against persons, and dealt effectively with violations of that legal, religious and moral tenet.

Females and males were kept in completely separate institutions in accordance with the penal and correctional codes.

Educational approaches and all curricula, texts and other material and language must be revised to ensure their conformity with the contemporary requirements of achieving gender equality and eliminating sexism and discrimination.

The Islamic Republic of Iran identified desirable features of the draft plan, and proposed measures for its effective follow-up at the national, regional and international levels.

Together with efforts to raise awareness, institutions for abused women, such as the six shelters that currently existed in the country, had been set up.

The course covers the protection of the human rights of women in all pertinent areas, encompassing civil, political, economic and social rights, as well as relevant issues of humanitarian law.

The project was aimed at developing and implementing a permanent training programme on domestic violence for instructors of the national police school.

Nevertheless, based on a number of court cases, it appeared that the maltreatment of female spouses was on the rise, particularly among inhabitants of cities in which the movement for the emancipation of women appeared to be a phenomenon.

The proposals are directed towards increasing the programme capacity to effectively and efficiently plan, coordinate, fund, execute and evaluate computerization efforts and the management of the criminal justice system.

Audiences for training might include the following:

The European Institute has been establishing a clearing-house project on technical cooperation activities in eastern and central Europe.

These databases are to be updated on a regular basis and placed at the disposal of the international community.

The offer of the Government of the Republic of Korea to host an interregional training course on UNCJIN is one example of such assistance.

In addition, it would be desirable to review the approach to ancillary meetings, symposia and exhibits to ensure that they would be integrated into the congress activities.

The number of workshops should be reduced and their objectives more clearly defined.

Representatives expressed satisfaction with the organization, conduct and results of the Ninth Congress, which had highlighted the interest of countries all over the world, particularly developing countries, in United Nations assistance in crime prevention and criminal justice.

Accordingly, it was for the Commission to take decisions, drawing on the advice and suggestions of the Tenth Congress as necessary.

Countries should be encouraged to limit the number of resolutions, the objectives of which should be quality not quantity.

An effort should be made to obtain inputs from all relevant entities for that purpose, supplemented by a demonstration workshop to deal with several case-studies.

The declaration would be a more concise statement of the findings of the Congress than the report of the Congress, but it would not directly call for action by the Commission.

The agreement with the host country should be confirmed no less than 18 months before the convening of the Congress.

Romania indicated that victims were informed in all cases.

France reported that victims were informed of the result of the action when they had claimed their suffered damages in criminal proceedings.

Amendments to the Criminal Code were being considered by the Canadian parliament to ensure that, where a " victim impact statement " had been prepared, the court must consider it.

Argentina, Australia, Haiti, Myanmar and Oman indicated that they expected reforms to be introduced.

The use of victims' aid associations as a mechanism for delivering services and providing assistance to victims was also reported by Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Ghana, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Sweden and Vanuatu.

In more than two thirds of the States, such assistance was provided through governmental, voluntary and community-based means.

France indicated that public and private health services were available to all sick persons even if they were not victims of a criminal offence.

Several States emphasized that it was difficult to submit reliable information and statistics on issues related to the use and application of the Declaration.

The Commission may wish to request the Secretary-General to consider means of promoting the exchange of experience in this field between interested Member States and of disseminating the information provided.

Paragraph 145 (f) calls upon the international community to condemn and act against all forms and manifestations of terrorism.

The recommendations of the ministerial workshop will be available to the Commission (E/CN.15/1996/2/Add.1).

The Commission will have before it a report of the Secretary-General on United Nations standards and norms in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice (E/CN.15/1996/16), together with four reports on their use and application (E/CN.15/1996/16/Add.1-4).

The Commission will have before it the report of the Tenth Meeting (E/CN.15/1996/CRP.2).

The training courses held during the period under review include the following:

Needs assessment missions continued to be carried out to analyse the potential of the computerization of criminal justice administration in the Russian Federation.

Where necessary, the African Institute assisted States in developing and putting in place mechanisms for the collection, analysis and presentation of data on crime prevention and criminal justice.

To meet its objectives and carry out its functions most effectively, the Institute was restructured in early 1995 into three groups: the Research Group, the Information Services Group and the Administrative Services Group.

The annual coordination meeting took place from 17 to 18 October 1995.

A world survey on the availability of criminal justice statistics worldwide is being carried out by the coordinator of the functional committee.

The working group is to present its report to the fifth world conference on crime prevention and criminal justice, which is to be held towards the end of 1996.

They are associated with the Department for Development Support and Management Services (DDSMS), which has overall responsibility for development support, thus providing a link with headquarters entities.

In Burundi, the purpose of the mission was to establish contacts with the local authorities regarding the holding in the future of a series of seminars for senior police officials.

In its report, it reaffirmed the importance of the conclusions of the Ninth Congress, and included a request for closer cooperation with the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme.

Identical appreciation was expressed by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/146.

The situation in those democracies is compounded by the sharp fall in standards of living and the general economic dislocation that has occurred in many places.

In fact, several international funding agencies (such as the World Bank and UNDP) are currently financing projects for promoting good governance in developing countries, countries in transition and war-torn countries.

Although some funding is being provided by donors for the renewal of prison buildings, for example in Haiti (assisted by USAID through UNDP) or Albania (assisted by the European Union), these are exceptions.

Five responses presented information from donor countries, seven from recipients, and eight countries claimed to have neither received nor given assistance in this field.

Two projects were presented as long-term assistance by the Government of Japan, with a project cycle of two years, in institutional reform, including provision of equipment, and in the provision of advisory services.

A few Governments replied that they were conforming to the rules and obligations emerging from relevant international treaties on combating various manifestations of crime.

The present report outlines a series of worthy projects for which immediate funding is being sought.

The number of militant rightist extremists, at approximately 5,400, was down slightly on the 1993 figure of 5,600.

The Special Rapporteur attended the opening of foreign fellow—countrymen week at an ecumenical service in Berlin Cathedral on Saturday, 23 September 1995.

Whoever sets fire to hostels for asylum—seekers, whoever applauds, openly or in secret, wreckers and arsonists, thereby turns his back on the community of democrats.

The services offered by the various organizations promoting social intercourse are available to all Hamburg ' s non—German inhabitants.

The function of such projects is the preservation, development and presentation to the public of the cultural heritage of immigrants, and they thus contribute to promoting intercultural dialogue within the city.

The restraint shown by the media, energetic intervention by the security bodies, and the deterrent effect of many sentences passed have contributed to a reduction in the number of cases.

It must, however, be noted that this open—mindedness does not, in the east, go as far as wanting to have closer contacts (for example, ties of friendship, marriage, etc.) with non—Germans.

This is due to a number of factors:

Judicial inquiries are being conducted, but have so far produced no result.

He also participated in a meeting with the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights, chaired by Mr. Paul Bouchet.

In contrast, anti-Zionist acts perpetrated by the extreme left (the former Action directe) and especially by persons from the Middle East, are much more serious, as shown by the attacks carried out in 1980 and 1982.

The consequences of recent acts attributable to Arab-Islamic groups have proved to be milder.

This type of threat, which also tends to be directed against North Africans in particular, often takes the form of leaflets, most of them incendiary.

Once they have been written, these leaflets, which frequently end with the instruction that they should be “reproduced and widely disseminated”, are photocopied and redistributed according to the “chain letter” principle.

They wounded seven persons, two of them critically, with firearms.

The new increase coincided with the desecration of the Jewish cemetery in Herrlisheim (68): 193 graves were damaged on 28 August.

The drop in the number of threats was even more marked: 184 in 1991 and 109 in 1992.

During the night of 6-7 July, the new commemorative plaque was also destroyed;

Responsibility was immediately claimed by the Union Defence Group (GUD), which intended to “express its solidarity with the Palestinian people, the victim of daily atrocities committed by the Zionist occupation army”.

The inner-city area of Paris was particularly affected, with many pieces of mail, leaflets and letters addressed to the representatives of the Jewish community, as well as to political figures of all persuasions.

This offence is punishable by up to five years' imprisonment and/or a 300,000 franc fine.

The penalty for discriminatory acts is increased, since they are punishable by up to two years' imprisonment and a 200,000 franc fine.

The penalty to which such persons is liable is increased to up to three years' imprisonment and a 300,000 franc fine.

This text relates to the questioning of crimes against humanity (art. 24 bis), but also " advocacy of war crimes, crimes against humanity or crimes or offences of collaboration with the enemy ", punishable under article 24, paragraph 3.

Jurisprudence admits this right as being granted both to corporate bodies and to private individuals.

Some victims may feel that the best answer is to remain silent, in order to protect their privacy, rather than give greater and renewed emphasis to the charges with the publication of a clarification.

These procedures are particularly well suited to settling neighbourhood conflicts of a xenophobic or even a racist nature.

The Decade has been observed at the World Summit for Social Development (Copenhagen, 6-12 March 1995) and the Fourth World Conference on Women (Beijing, 4-15 September 1995).

It will be carried out in conjunction with indigenous peoples' organizations and NGOs.

The Centre for Human Rights called a meeting of United Nations agencies on 26 July 1996 in order to consult them regarding their activities in connection with indigenous peoples.

As part of the activities being carried out in the context of the World Decade for Cultural Development, UNESCO is working to enhance recognition of indigenous literature and promote traditional languages.

ILO is carrying out an interregional programme to support self-reliance on the part of indigenous and tribal communities through cooperatives and other self-help organizations.

One mechanism which involves indigenous people in the decision-making process is the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations, in which indigenous people act in a personal capacity.

The report must formally contain a request for the amendment of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1995/32 of 3 March 1995, to ensure the full and equal participation of indigenous peoples and nations in the working group.

Finally, he repeatedly requested that government delegations respond to the statement and the proposals contained therein.

He expressed the hope that the draft declaration would be based on existing human rights norms, in particular ILO Convention No. 169.

Not all the issues would be resolved at the current session.

A convention on caretaker government currently applied and it was thus not appropriate for the delegation to make detailed statements on the New Zealand position for the time being.

As far as indigenous peoples were concerned, treaties were evidence of the right of self-determination.

He reaffirmed the interest of his Office in the ongoing work on the draft declaration and offered to facilitate informal consultations and information meetings to promote greater understanding of the draft declaration.

However, he also expressed support for the view expressed by the Government of France that human rights were individual rights.

He also expressed support for the content of article 2.

He pointed out that a definition of “indigenous peoples” could lead to the de facto exclusion of certain indigenous groups.

No disadvantage of any kind may arise from the exercise of such a right.” He also expressed the view that the meaning of the term “nation”, had to be clarified.

Further discussion was needed on article 9 with respect to the inclusion and meaning of the word “nation”.

The working group should consider merging article 32 with other relevant articles.

Her delegation did not have any problems with articles 16, 17 and 18.

Article 17 was largely consistent with current Australian policy and practice.

The reference “lands and territories” in article 7 should be included in Part VI. With regard to article 10, there was some confusion regarding the use of the terms “removed” and “relocation”.

However, the representative expressed reservations with regard to the term “cultural genocide”, owing to the very specific meaning of the term “genocide” under international law.

Article 11 should be brought into line with the Geneva Conventions.

She referred to article 25 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and article 2 of the Declaration on Minorities as sources of inspiration.

The observer for Bolivia stated that his Government supported adoption of the articles as they stood as soon as possible.

The representative stated that article 22 was applicable to all citizens of a State.

The representative of Australia agreed with the intent of articles 25 and 26 but said that a closer look was warranted in light of law and practice.

With regard to article 26, he pointed out that the use of land was prescribed by national legislation.

The intent of the draft was to establish equality in the enjoyment of human rights and the exercise of the collective right of self-determination was a precondition for the survival of indigenous peoples.

The observer for the Association nouvelle de la culture et des arts populaires pondered the importance of the recognition of the concept of " identity " and called for the adoption of the articles as they stood.

With regard to article 28, consideration might be given to separating the environmental from the military issues dealt with in article 28.

He doubted, however, whether restitution was a viable means for resolving such issues in most States.

Some legal concepts in the draft would have implications for Governments beyond the draft declaration if those concepts were not defined or restricted.

Brazil had no difficulties in accepting the principles of article 37.

He expressed the view that article 38 created an open—ended obligation to fund indigenous development, and that a progressive, flexible approach would be more appropriate.

She noted that self-determination was the cornerstone of the draft declaration and that it did not clash with State sovereignty.

This right applied equally to all collectivities, indigenous and non—indigenous, which qualified as peoples under international law.

The goal of the working group was to achieve a common understanding of this right and to reflect it in the wording of article 3.

He called for further discussion to clarify the meaning of the terms “self—government” and “autonomy”.

Moreover, the secretariat was not the respository of the substance of the ILO conventions, and had no authority to define or interpret issues of any of the conventions, which was the prerogative of the parties to the conventions.

In particular, the Committee conducted in-depth discussions based on a specific set of draft proposals from its eleventh to its fifteenth sessions.

Within this context, a pilot project for the application of the framework was initiated in the Namaqualand region of South Africa at the beginning of 1996.

The intention is that children or juveniles should not be treated like ordinary criminals but should be afforded every opportunity to stay in society and be brought up as respectable citizens.

These are Act 19.327, on violence at stadiums, and Act 19.366, on trafficking in drugs and psychotropic substances; both contain special provisions and lay down alternatives to sentences of imprisonment for juveniles.

During the period of custody, juveniles must be separated from adult detainees.

In addition, the physical conditions of temporary detention are very strictly defined in order to limit the constraints involved.

Any temporary detention must furthermore be reported by the Procurator of the Republic to the Ministry of Justice.

Apart from establishing general rules and procedures for questioning of suspects, it makes a specific reference to juveniles who are required to be interviewed by the police.

The cases of children and juveniles in conflict with the law are heard in an informal setting outside the formal national Law Courts building, in the State multi-purpose social work centre.

It is also possible to have a court examine - by means of so-called evidentiary proceedings - whether a person under 15 has committed an offence.

Determination of the minimum age for criminal liability is connected with the physiological process of gradual formation of a person ' s ability to realize his conscious actions and to understand the danger of actions committed.

This order will usually be paid by the parent if the young person is under 16.

The European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control is at present not conducting activities specifically focused on children and juveniles in detention.

The pledges are duly recorded and the pledging States notified.

On average, the Fund is only able to allocate less than 50 per cent of the total amount requested.

The primary reason the Special Rapporteur visited places where persons were incarcerated was to ascertain how detainees were treated, particularly in the interrogation process.

She stated that these delegations had identified a number of elements which they required in this paragraph which were incorporated in a text which read as follows:

Accordingly, she suggested that the Committee against Torture should play a role in the appointment of members of the proposed body or that other methods of providing independent experts be explored.

Similarly, the representative of the Philippines stated that the sub-committee should comprise no more than 10 members since it should not have more members than its parent body.

The representative of Brazil added that in the event that a substitute member should be required under article 5, paragraph 5, that member should be appointed by the State party concerned.

She also stated that a large number of delegations had relinquished their original positions in the interest of arriving at consolidated consensus texts.

It would apply when two nationals of a State party had become eligible, as a result of the voting by the States parties, to serve on the sub-committee.

The representative of El Salvador emphasized that the new instrument would be based on the principles of cooperation and confidentiality.

In this connection, reference is made to the jurisprudence of the Human Rights Committee with respect to article 9.3 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and to other relevant United Nations standards concerning administrative detention.

A number of the disappeared are reported to have been members or sympathizers of the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS).

They welcomed the adoption of this Bill and the progress made in relation to compensation for the families of the disappeared.

The other cases concerned members of the Hadjerai ethnic group who were reportedly arrested on 13 October 1991 by the Chadian security forces.

In all the cases the Public Security Bureau Police were alleged to be responsible.

The victims included alleged sympathizers of Islamic militant groups, students and three citizens of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.

In 10 cases, the letters were returned by the Iraqi post office marked " address incorrect " or " person unknown ".

Twenty-one other cases occurred in 1995, mostly in the states of Chiapas and Veracruz; the majority of these persons were members of several Indian, peasant and political organizations.

Nor have the families of the victims received any compensation or been able to determine where their relatives are buried.

It also informed the Group that " the political will exists " to make sure that crimes such as disappearance, murder and torture did not go unpunished.

Due process safeguards in accord with the international principles recognized by Paraguay have been embodied and brought up to date in the new Constitution ".

It was further reported that while the number of disappearances has reportedly declined, they continue to occur.

The North Ossetian forces are said to have acted with the acquiescence of OMON.

Criminal investigations have been initiated in all these cases.

It is reported that it is during such detention that disappearances most frequently occur.

It is stated that safeguards installed by presidential directives in 1995 to protect the welfare of detainees are not complied with, and action is reportedly not taken against members of the security forces for violating them.

This case concerned a person reported to be a political activist in western Sudan.

It is alleged that over 290 soldiers, police officers, prison guards, paramilitary forces attached to the Department of Wildlife and prominent civilians were arrested after the Government regained control of the town in June 1992.

The Working Group, furthermore, urges the Sudanese authorities to do everything in their power to ensure the safety of relatives and witnesses (art. 13, para. 3).

In particular, under article 10.1, any person deprived of liberty shall be held in an officially recognized place of detention and be called before a judicial authority promptly after detention.

These cases are not before the Working Group.

The Working Group periodically sends this information to the Governments of the countries concerned without major progress.

So far, the Governments of Bolivia, Colombia, Cyprus, Guatemala, Mexico, Peru, the Philippines and Sri Lanka have extended invitations to and welcomed delegations of the Working Group.

Concerning: Kang Jung Sok and Ko Sang Mun, on the one hand and the Democratic People ' s Republic of Korea, on the other.

They were therefore unable to follow the preliminary investigation and to examine the files prior to the trial.

As his name was not mentioned in the verdict order of this case, he was released two months after his detention.

He is still under their custody, without having been brought to any court, being detained at the Prison of Colombo - 12 (known as 4th floor Bureau).

According to the Government he is charged in High Court, Colombo, Case No. 6629.

In a recent article, he urges the deletion from the Vietnamese Constitution of article 4, relating to the predominant role of the Vietnamese Communist Party.

Concerning: Saaba Bent Ahmed, El Mokhtar Ould Saheb, El Ansari Mohamed Salem, Khadidjatou Bent Aij and Malaenin Ould Abdenabi, on the one hand, and the Kingdom of Morocco, on the other.

She was arrested on 10 July after confirmation of her sentence on appeal by the Gabes court.

The Tunisian Government further states that all the said persons throughout the judicial proceedings enjoyed full guarantees of a fair trial and of the observance of the rights to defence.

As regards the other 19 persons concerned, the Government did not provide any information.

All these charges reportedly carry the death penalty in the Islamic Republic of Iran.

Communication addressed to the Government of Israel on 14 August 1995.

Concerning: Wissam Rafeedie and Majid Isma ' il Al-Talahmeh, on the one hand and the State of Israel, on the other.

The source affirmed that although Rafeedie was an opponent of the current peace process between Israel and the PLO, he has never engaged in any violent activity.

The source alleged that IDF and GSS soldiers arrived at Farraj ' s home on 29 May 1994 at approximately midnight, forced their way into the house, carried out a search and arrested Farraj at his home.

According to the source Bao Ge was arrested after sending an open letter to the Chinese Government asking for a national human rights organization to be set up.

According to the source, the four persons in question were arrested for having distributed pamphlets on 10 September 1995 in the district of Saranda.

Furthermore, the Government does not deny that among those arrested and detained there were children.

The aforementioned detainees, on the other hand, did not come to trial until 1992.

In the context of the information available to it, the Working Group believes that it is in a position to take a decision on the facts and circumstances of the case.

Concerning: Margarita M. Chuquiure Silva, on the one hand, and the Republic of Peru, on the other.

The Working Group transmitted the replies provided by the Government to the source but, to date, the latter has not provided the Working Group with its comments.

According to the source although Miranda Branco was a witness to the Santa Cruz incidents in Dili in November 1991 he neither helped organize nor participated in the above—mentioned demonstration.

His accomplices Amaral, Soares, de Deus and Santos were also sentenced to one year eight months' imprisonment.

The Government, accepting the date of arrest as 19 May 1994, denies that he was arrested by military intelligence and detained in a military intelligence safe house.

In the absence of any definite information in this regard, their cases are also filed.

Furthermore, one year previously, in February 1993, lawyers belonging to the Ombudsman ' s Office had assisted her in legal proceedings relating to the case.

Consequently, the Working Group decided to consider the present request as admissible.

Please let me know your date and time of arrival in Phuntsholing, so that the Dungpa may be instructed to issue your travel permit from Phuntsholing to Thimphu.

Fourth allegation: Tek Nath Rizal was not authorized to correspond with his wife, either officially or unofficially.

Moreover, he did not receive any medical care until one year after his imprisonment.

Henceforth they will be able to practice, as members of a liberal profession, in private chambers.

The last interviews were able to take place according to the arrangements desired by the delegation (choice of detained persons and of place of interview, without witnesses and in the presence only of the United Nations interpreter).

It is also true, however, that the most frequently used and most appropriate terms for referring to that form of penalty are “military prison” (“presidio”), “lock—up” (“encierro”) and “penitentiary” (“penitenciaría”).

A study of the decisions adopted by the Group between September 1992 and September 1996 leads to the conclusion that, of 202 decisions adopted, 110 (or 55 per cent) relate to cases of deprivation of liberty subsequent to a conviction.

According to the information received, he had been the victim of persecution since 1993 because of his contacts with members of his family belonging to UNITA.

According to the Government ' s reply, judicial proceedings were initiated in Juvenile Court No. 6 in Buenos Aires.

The Special Rapporteur learned with regret that ' Issa Ahmad Hassan Qambar was executed on 26 March 1996.

He urges the Bolivian authorities to ensure that law enforcement officials receive comprehensive training in human rights questions and, above all, concerning limitations on the use of force and firearms in the performance of their duties.

According to the Government, the Attorney-General of the Republic had requested an inquiry to be opened to determine the possible responsibility of the Governor of Pará.

In addition, he requested clarification concerning the executions of Akou Agoudwo, Adi Bagnion, Kossi Gouniabou, Akandoba Kibora, Kgoissan Kibora and three other unidentified persons, about whom the authorities had provided no explanation.

He sent the two urgent appeals jointly with the Special Rapporteur on the human rights situation in Burundi (24 October 1996).

Moreover, witnesses are reportedly not allowed to give evidence in court.

According to the Government, contrary to allegations, no commitment regarding his punishment was made.

He hopes that the dialogue initiated with the Government regarding a visit to China will continue and that such a visit will eventually take place in a reasonable period of time.

Moreover, he opposes public executions as a means of public education.

During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur transmitted 21 urgent appeals to the Government.

In this connection, the Special Rapporteur welcomes the signing on 29 November 1996, by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Government of Colombia, of an agreement on the establishment of an office of the High Commissioner in Colombia.

The Government explained to the Special Rapporteur that the above—mentioned persons were charged and convicted for the murder of two elderly men.

It stated that “there is an urgent need to establish clear criteria for admissibility of the complaints received by the Special Rapporteur and for a precise definition of the scope of his mandate”.

This may render the appeal procedure ineffective in practice.

Most of the complaints transmitted to the Special Rapporteur related to the disproportionate use of force by officers of the National Civil Police (PNC).

He urges the Government to ensure that full and independent investigations are initiated in cases of death due to abuse of force and that law enforcement officials responsible for such violations are brought to justice.

Prior to 1996, the most recent executions had been carried out in 1982 and 1983.

Concerning the case of Jorge Carpio Nicolle, he reiterated the request, made in his previous communication of 22 August 1995, for information on final developments in the trial.

The Government also stated that an investigation by a special team of the State Police of Jammu and Kashmir was under way (15 May 1996, 12 April 1996 and 1 April 1996).

In regard to the situation in East Timor, reports suggested that during 1995 at least 13 civilians were thought to have been killed.

Shortly after, the Special Rapporteur was informed that Ahmad Baktari was executed in Evin prison in Tehran (9 February 1996);

The sentence had been confirmed by the Supreme Court and he had later been executed (25 January 1996).

In the same communication the Government also informed the Special Rapporteur that Rahman Rajabi could still appeal for amnesty to the Amnesty Council.

A large number of deaths among prisoners is reported to result from the aforementioned conditions, in which infectious diseases spread easily.

Both lawyers were reportedly defending individuals accused of membership of the Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN).

Judicial Police officers had offered to provide her with protection in order to ensure her safety, but she had refused the offer.

Others were reportedly killed because the armed forces suspected them of supporting the Karen National Union (KNU).

According to the information received, the victims included eight minors, among them an eight—month-old baby (2 April 1996).

In this context, the Special Rapporteur calls upon all parties to the conflict to respect the right to life of all non-combatants at all times.

With regard to the death of the minor Yenuere Antonio Chihuala Cruz, it was reported that he had died of tetanus.

He had applied for an office job in Engineering Battalion No. 1, but had never been involved in active combat (8 December 1995).

The Special Rapporteur sent this urgent appeal jointly with the Special Rapporteur on torture and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on internally displaced persons (20 March 1996);

More than 650 civilians were said to have been the victims of this violence between April and June 1996.

By a letter dated 27 September 1996, the Special Rapporteur was informed that the authorities would consider his request to visit Sri Lanka early in 1997.

Victims included Kurdish villagers, students, journalists and members of political parties.

Thus, the Government transmitted a copy of General Assembly resolution 50/186, entitled “Human rights and terrorism”, of 22 December 1995.

The Government also replied that the case is still sub judice and that the inquest findings were not available.

However, according to the Government, this increase corresponded with the rising prison population in the United Kingdom.

In the case of Joy Gardener, he asked the Government to send him the relevant court decision.

These include the professional regulations for physicians which, in Germany, have been reflected predominantly in the professional codes and special guidelines of the individual medical boards.

Semen of a third person may only be used for medically assisted reproduction in these marriages or partnerships where the partners are living together as husband and wife.

According to those teachings, the starting point for the moral assessment of artificial insemination techniques is consideration of the circumstances and their impact on the respect to which a human embryo is entitled.

According to this more expansive concept, people are the essence of reproductive health, the subjects rather than the objects.

Respect for persons requires a view of human beings as individuals whose well-being should be promoted.

In its resolution 1996/11 of 11 April 1996, the Commission welcomed the information submitted by the Committee on the above-mentioned issue (E/CN.4/1996/96).

Such decision is subject to review by the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia which is obligated to make the decision within 48 hours.

The existing human rights instruments and humanitarian instruments are and should remain the standards that must be met in all but exceptional circumstances.

The Law specifies the situations during which the state of emergency may be proclaimed, which rights can be restricted, and what obligations can be imposed upon people.

There are two bills relevant to situations of national emergencies in the Philippines which have been filed during the current Tenth Congress of the Philippines of the House of Representatives, namely:

In that connection, the Constitution of the Ukraine adopted on 28 June 1996 underlines the priority status of the interests and rights of the individual.

Here again, we hope that further deliberations on this point will take account of these wider factors.

Indeed, the first step should be to seek ways in which to improve the implementation of existing standards.

However, it was not possible to close the criminal proceedings because it had not been possible to determine the whereabouts of Wolfgang Purtscheller, who was needed as a witness in the case.

She was sentenced by the Sevlievo Regional Court for bodily injury inflicted on a person acting in his official capacity and had appealed the sentence.

Witnesses at his funeral observed traces of beatings all over his body, including injuries on his penis, suspected to have been caused by electric shocks.

The Government reported that at the time of this person ' s release, he bore no visible injuries or bruising.

The case was currently before the second Military Court of Santiago.

In police custody at Shigatse she was allegedly tortured under interrogation by means of beatings with electric batons, which caused her to lose consciousness several times.

The Government reported that the case had been transmitted to the Ministry of Defence, which had decided to dismiss it.

He was allegedly hung upside down from the ceiling and subjected to electric shocks which resulted in the paralysis of his left leg and arm.

The inspectors noted the absence of evident injuries on their bodies, but ordered a medical examination.

During the two days he remained there, he was reportedly severely beaten with a high—voltage cable.

The three guards were said to have been arrested in the course of the ensuing inquiry.

In the second incident, he allegedly had several ribs broken.

He was subsequently returned to London via Bangkok.

The ill-treatment had apparently occurred because of his prior political activities, for which he had been prohibited from entering India.

With respect to a number of these cases, the source expressed concern that little progress seemed to have been made in investigations or judicial proceedings despite the substantial periods of time that had elapsed since the alleged incidents of torture.

The detainees were being held in Jalpaiguru jail under judicial custody.

The Government replied that she had been arrested in January 1994 on charges of embezzlement and had been detained in a cell specifically designed for women.

They were allegedly held in isolation and subjected to beatings, including with iron bars, and electric shocks.

He was reportedly sentenced by the Dili District Court on 8 May to 18 months' imprisonment after his conviction on charges of “expressing hostility to the Government”.

An official clarification regarding a detainee, whose well-being had also been confirmed by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), should be received with greater credibility than an allegation launched by anti-Indonesian elements residing in Western Europe.

He subsequently stated in an interview with the media that he had not been subjected to ill-treatment during his detention.

The civilian defendants were released because their testimonies had been made under duress.

According to the Government, Junyonto and a friend had been caught in the act of pick-pocketing and the court had decided that he should be returned to his parents.

The allegations that he had been beaten by the military were uncorroborated and clearly made no sense for " obvious reasons ".

During questioning he was not tortured or ill-treated.

None had been tortured or ill-treated.

His whereabouts were unknown, but it was believed that he might be held in military custody (9 September 1996).

After allegedly being beaten on the head with a shoe, he agreed to make a confession.

After 19 days he reportedly agreed to sign a document in Hebrew, which he could not read.

However, the complainant failed to respond to a summons requesting him to give evidence regarding the alleged misconduct and the file was subsequently closed.

The Italian Government replied that several police officers accused of abuse of authority had been acquitted in the Court of first instance on 11 October 1993.

On 6 June 1994, at the Albenga railway station, he was reportedly again arrested by police after a dispute with a railway employee and taken to the police station, where he was beaten and then given medical care for the blows inflicted.

Reportedly, passers—by took him to hospital and he lodged a complaint against the three police officers.

The Government replied that at the hearing of his appeal before the High Court on 27 February 1996, the advocate of Jaseph Baraza Wekesa had dropped the appeal and had not mentioned the allegations of torture to the court.

Therefore, the allegation that little action had been taken by the police was false.

He was allegedly beaten with blunt objects and wounded with a knife.

He had allegedly been tortured incommunicado detention at Nakuru police station following his arrest on 9 July 1994 and was reportedly being denied adequate medical treatment.

Although a medical report established that his condition resulted from trauma “inflicted from blunt object(s) directed to the head”, no investigation was said to have been undertaken with respect to the torture allegations.

In his ruling of May 1994 the Chief Resident Magistrate noted that David Njenga Ngugi had been “so badly tortured to confess that today, eight months later, he still has to walk with the help of crutches.

Subsequently, the magistrate was transferred from Nairobi to Kitiu, 130 kilometres away, and David Njenga Ngugi continued to suffer harassment by the police.

He was allegedly taken unconscious to hospital where the doctors reportedly diagnosed multiple traumatisms.

U Win Htein, the NLD spokesman, and Dr. Aung Khin Sint were reported to be among those detained.

He was released on 15 May and admitted to a military hospital for treatment.

After a habeas corpus petition had been filed in the Lahore High Court by her brother, she was discovered in the home of a police subinspector in Model Town.

Those orders were allegedly ignored.

He was later released and hospitalized.

He was reportedly left on the street close to his house and died shortly thereafter.

A medical report is said to have confirmed the presence of cranial and abdominal injuries and of multiple knife wounds.

He was charged with assaulting police officers.

A similar decision was taken by the organs in charge of the disciplinary proceedings.

After he asked to be taken to hospital, he was allegedly strangled and beaten on the abdomen.

Four police officers are said to have been charged with illegal arrest and investigation.

The alleged incident took place on 2 April 1995 outside a bar in Tăndărei (125 kilometres east of Bucharest).

During the journey and upon their arrival at the airport they were reportedly beaten with rifle butts and kicked.

Many of the detainees, having come from areas of armed conflict, had sustained physical injuries.

The investigation was being monitored by the Office of the Procurator-General of the Russian Federation.

They had allegedly been ill-treated at the Central Anti-Crime Department in Moscow in November 1995.

The authorities are said to have suspected him of complicity with members of an armed independence movement.

According to some sources, his throat was slit at the Niaguis military camp.

It was reported that they were among 10 Chadian nationals arrested around 25 July 1996 in the Sudanese town of El Généima, near the Chadian border, by members of the Sudanese security forces.

They were being held incommunicado and without charge.

While detained in the “9 April” prison, they were said to have been visited by their lawyers, who reported having observed evidence of the alleged ill—treatment.

He referred her to hospital, but she reportedly was not taken to hospital until 17 August, by which time the examining doctor was unable to determine whether rape had taken place.

The Government replied that Leman Çelikaslan had been detained on charges of participating in PKK activities.

At the vigil, police and gendarmes allegedly beat a number of the protestors.

They had not lodged any complaints or taken legal proceedings with a view to exhausting the " domestic remedy ".

He was allegedly being confined for political and not medical reasons.

It was not known when a further decision would be reached by the DPP in light of the verdict of unlawful killing by the inquest jury.

The new batons, approved by the Home Office, did not have a higher level of impact than the old truncheons.

Ly Thara had allegedly been beaten severely by interrogators to force a confession and was said to be facing the death penalty for crimes aimed at overthrowing the Government.

He was continuing to be held for interrogation (9 April 1996).

The Special Rapporteur proposed periods in June or August 1994, neither of which proved convenient for the Government.

Eventually, it was agreed that the visit would take place early in 1996 and the Special Rapporteur carried out the mission from 23 February to 3 March 1996, including visits to Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi.

Senator Haider invited journalists to be present at this public meeting and the meeting was widely reported in the press the following day.

The Ministry for Human Rights also hosted a luncheon in Islamabad at which several NGO representatives were present.

However, paramilitary forces, such as the Rangers acting in support of the civil forces in Karachi, are the responsibility of the Ministry of Defence, as are certain intelligence bodies, in particular, Military Intelligence.

MQM activists were reported to be particularly targeted during such operations.

He was accompanied by an official from the Ministry of Human Rights who did not have prior knowledge of the delegation ' s destination until it had departed for the " safe house ".

In neither case were the detainees formally charged with any crime, nor were they ever brought before a magistrate or allowed to contact a lawyer or their families.

It was that officer ' s responsibility to register all individuals who have been arrested and to report to the Deputy Inspector-General of Police if the proper procedures had not been followed.

The register, however, indicated that the individual had been arrested on 21 February.

Further, the register indicated that the detainee had not been brought before a magistrate until 26 February.

The other inmates were allegedly subjected to blindfolding, beatings with fists and implements, incisions on their skin with blades, whippings with wooden strips, being hung upside down and deprivation of food and water.

Bar fetters consist of iron rings locked around the ankles of prisoners; an iron bar is riveted to each of these iron shackles making an inverted " V ".

The iron bars are about 1.2 cm in diameter and weigh, together with the ankle shackles, around 4 kg.

Various of these provide for corporal punishment.

The conflict has been exacerbated by fighting between the MQM (Altaf) faction led by Altaf Hussain and the MQM (Haqiqi) faction led by Afaq Ahmed.

MQM (Altaf) claims that the police and Rangers have arrested 7,000 Mohajirs in numerous police sweeps.

More disturbing is the fact that in the few cases where judicial magistrates or High Court judges take action to improve the treatment of prisoners, their orders are routinely ignored by the authorities.

The language and style of competitive politics goes beyond adversarial debate in a framework of respect, taking the form of hostile, confrontational and self-interested manoeuvring.

Among them were two minors, 14 and 17 years of age, who allegedly received broken legs and other injuries, and a pregnant woman who reportedly lost her baby as a result of her treatment.

All were coerced into signing statements to the effect that they had not been ill—treated.

In addition, many more cases had been transmitted by the State legislative assemblies.

The procedure may be initiated either on a personal complaint or ex officio.

Once that verification has been completed, the next step is to ask the judge to initiate the nudo hecho procedure.

In the opinion of some of the people with whom the Special Rapporteur spoke, this limits the impartiality and effectiveness of such investigations and helps to create an atmosphere of impunity for the perpetrators.

This failure is due to the precarious independence and general weakness of the Judiciary.

They said that procedural delays were not due only to the judges, but also to the public prosecutors in the part they played within the legal system, and to the judicial police authorities.

In the women ' s section of the Sabaneta prison, the Special Rapporteur was pleasantly surprised by the prevailing material conditions, which contrasted markedly with those commonly found in the male quarters.

The Director of Prisons, on the other hand, suggested that for some procedures the judges should themselves visit the prisons, which would avoid many transfers of detainees, but that they did not do so out of lack of interest.

This police force would be better trained and better paid.

Most of those with whom he spoke addressed the problems they faced in preventing violations of human rights within the mandate of the Special Rapporteur with disarming candour.

Principles 24 to 26 of the Body of Principles set forth, in this regard, the following:

Here, the basis for State liability is that the State has “taken action which has as a direct consequence the exposure of an individual to proscribed ill—treatment” (see the Soering judgement of 7 July 1989, Series A, No. 161, para. 91).

We hope that it will be possible to complete the draft optional protocol at the next session of the working group.

All weapons directly aimed at killing or mutilating civilians, including anti—personnel mines and nuclear weapons, must be banned.”

It is cooperation by individuals who report such incidents which will eliminate the practice.

It considers that the principles set forth imply that the provisions of the optional protocol envisaged will be implemented through international solidarity.

The results of the survey will be presented to the sixth session of the Commission, in April 1997, at which the Commission will continue to discuss the question of elaborating a convention or conventions against illicit trafficking in children.

Yet Afghanistan had been successful to a limited degree, despite its restricted possibilities, in its endeavours to combat illicit drugs.

The Subcommission agreed to adopt that approach in the future.

In recommendation l, the Meeting invited the Commission to promote both programmes for officials involved in the anti-drug effort and education programmes to inform the public about the danger of heroin use, in order to reduce demand.

Access to intelligence information should be facilitated as an interim measure.

One representative attributed the quadrupling of seizures in his country largely to its improved cooperation with neighbouring countries.

He urged Governments to recognize the African Institute as an instrument for regional and subregional collaboration on matters related to crime prevention and criminal justice, many of which had a bearing on drug control.

Such officers also provided technical advice, training and equipment.

Assistance in developing such legislation would be sought from UNDCP.

International drug-trafficking syndicates, taking advantage of the current geopolitical situation in south-west Asia, were turning Azerbaijan into a transit State, creating new drug-trafficking routes that led from the Golden Crescent through Azerbaijan to other CIS member States and western Europe.

The information exchanged was analysed and circulated by RILO to customs and drug law enforcement agencies throughout the region.

At its 1995 annual meeting, the Subcommittee identified 12 initial themes and established multi-agency task forces charged with the preparation of plans of action.

Under the working arrangement with UNDP, the resident representatives are automatically UNDCP representatives.

It is executing a UNDCP project in reduction in the demand for and consumption of narcotics and prevention of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in border areas of Myanmar and Thailand.

UNDCP has provided input on a manual on the mental health of refugees.

UNDCP regularly sends selected field officers to those workshops.

It appears that the Committee recommends modification of the budget methodology in such a way as to provide for a comparison between the proposed budget estimates of the forthcoming biennium and the expenditure estimates of the current biennium.

If the proposals are made by the Executive Director, detailed consultations are required with the financial authorities of the United Nations.

UNDCP was invited to compile a draft training guide with the assistance of consultants experienced in drafting training material on maritime law enforcement, and to convene a group of experts to assist in finalizing the guide.

The Commission may wish to review the draft and comment thereon.

The period covered by the plan is reduced from six to four years; the next medium-term plan will cover the period 1998-2001.

Within each of those subprogrammes, from three to six specific objectives have been identified, together with an indication of how UNDCP intends to pursue each of them.

UNDCP will promote and support research on the causes of drug abuse and its impact on individuals and societies and share the results with the international community.

The availability to governments of better information and knowledge will assist them in developing more effective countermeasures.

The first objective of the subprogramme is to improve knowledge on the nature and patterns of, as well as trends in, the illicit trafficking of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and precursors, including the laundering of proceeds derived from illicit trafficking.

The present report includes an analysis of the financial situation of UNDCP and proposals for strengthening its financial base.

Nevertheless, while the situation remained critical, several windows of opportunity opened up, and unprecedented strides were made in combating the illicit supply of drugs and in countering drug abuse.

The reporting period was also characterized by intensified inter-agency coordination and cooperation with regional and international organizations, particularly the international financial institutions.

The establishment of coordinating bodies is essential to the elaboration and implementation of national drug-control strategies and master plans.

UNDCP initiated, in 1995, a follow-up to the project in the north-western border areas of the Lao People ' s Democratic Republic, covering community-based activities in agriculture, health and education.

UNDCP and officials of the Russian Federation made preparations for a technical consultation on drug control in the Russian Federation.

The authorities in Colombia have assumed full ownership, including the responsibility for funding, of four municipal plans designed to prevent drug abuse and of the national campaign against drug abuse conducted through the mass media and initiated with UNDCP support.

The subregional project, previously implemented by ECCAS, as the UNDCP counterpart, was revised, and a country-by-country mode of implementation was adopted.

The focus of UNDCP activities in central and eastern Europe has shifted from national capacity-building to well-balanced subregional initiatives.

UNDCP published 55 national laws promulgated by 26 Governments to give effect to the international drug control treaties, covering, in particular, the new provisions of the 1988 Convention, such as precursor control, mutual legal assistance, money-laundering and confiscation of proceeds.

Two of those notifications were made pursuant to article 12 of the 1988 Convention concerning the request of a Government for prior notification of the export of substances listed in Table I (ephedrine and pseudoephedrine).

ACC gave that responsibility to its Subcommittee on Drug Control, which is composed of representatives of agencies.

An initial list of 12 themes was drawn up.

To remedy the situation, UNDCP has enhanced its capacity to collect and analyse data, particularly through rapid assessments, in which qualitative and quantitative information on drug abuse are collected by using sociological and anthropological methodologies.

The expert forums enabled government officials concerned with demand reduction to exchange information and experiences, and thereby ensure better planning, coordination and implementation of programmes for the prevention, treatment and rehabilitation of drug abuse.

On the occasion of the Conference, the Government of Brazil, SESI and UNDCP signed an agreement on a project that would cost $1.6 million, 80 per cent of which would be covered by the Brazilian private sector.

In south-east Asia, UNDCP drug law enforcement activities designed to foster operational cooperation have covered the whole region.

UNDCP will place increased emphasis on the achievement of drug-control objectives.

The new approach will be supported by outposted alternative development advisers based in Asia and Latin America.

The second project, for the social reinsertion of street children, had been implemented effectively, but was found to lack a clear strategy, and might have overestimated the problem addressed by it.

The evaluation recommended that UNDCP should examine the possibility of replicating the coordination mechanism in other regions.

UNDCP guidelines make an in-depth evaluation mandatory whenever a new phase of a project or a major extension is contemplated.

It was found that the information provided by Governments to IDAAS was generally not of a high quality.

The relevant mandates require UNDCP, in cooperation with WHO, to support Governments in establishing and reinforcing national controls over narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances.

UNDCP is concerned that, if current trends continue, it will not have sufficient general-purpose resources to cover the basic needs of headquarters and the infrastructure costs for its field operations.

UNDCP has striven to mobilize consortia to secure the longer-range commitment of current donor Governments to specific programmes or thematic areas.

Section I deals with matters related to the functioning of the international drug control treaties.

In the view of the respondent, while many diversions of licit drugs into the illicit traffic had been uncovered, the problem had not been corrected at its roots.

There was a need to re-examine traditional ways of addressing drug control issues.

The Commission may wish to consider the feedback that it wishes to give to States parties to the international drug control treaties that consistently fail to provide the Secretariat with the information requested.

In connection with this and other treaty control measures, the Commission is invited to consider the recommendations contained in paragraphs 52-54 below.

The draft thus prepared could serve as the basis for discussion at the fortieth session of the Commission.

While agreeing that interventions should be targeted as proposed, a statement concerning basic principles about respecting human rights and treating the target group with dignity and respect should be included (ICAA).

If it is shown that programmes are not working, then action should be taken either to terminate or redesign the programme.

Although materials from one region or even one country cannot simply be adopted by another, still there are aspects that are common to all mankind in both education and counselling (Papua New Guinea).

EMCDDA has suggested a programme to identify and evaluate information collection by international bodies and is also working to develop a multilingual thesaurus (United Kingdom).

Much experience has been gained, over a period of many years, regarding primary and secondary prevention approaches.

The emphasis of the present report is upon primary and secondary prevention; however, in describing existing integrated programmes and approaches, it necessarily touches upon aspects of tertiary prevention.

The broader socio-cultural setting greatly influences the meanings ascribed to the behaviour, such as whether it is regarded as deviant or an acceptable practice for certain groups of people.

Such interpretations of risk factors may ignore the possibility that it may be peer preferences rather than peer pressure that leads to illicit drug use.

The relative weight of each of these factors obviously varies greatly depending on the time and place, the individual and the accuracy of the information upon which decisions are based, as well as the factors listed in the table.

In many societies scarce resources are channelled into health and social problems that are more pressing than illicit drug use.

Effectiveness need not necessarily be based upon the provision of a rational argument or correct information.

Peer programmes produced the only results that showed change towards the ultimate aim of reducing drug-abusing behaviours.

Many of the preliminary evaluations of DARE that had shown favourable results are now known to have embodied limitations because of a variety of methodological problems, such as those described earlier in the present report in relation to measuring effectiveness.

It is believed that if there is a testing programme then illicit drug abuse will be deterred, particularly if it affects employment status.

Again, there is no agreed length of time.

Some follow-up studies take three months, others six months and yet others three years.

Methadone has a half-life of 10-25 hours, with a mean of 15; however, after long-term maintenance this rises to 13-55 hours, with a mean of 30.

The overlap between secondary and tertiary prevention occurs because it is difficult to draw a clear conceptual line between where secondary prevention ends and tertiary prevention begins, as is often reflected in practice.

It appears that in working together, the strengths of each reinforce the other.

The least effective programmes are those in which different sections of government or government and organizations compete for " ownership " of a problem and the right to determine policy.

Many workers may not have drug abuse problems themselves, but have such problems in their families.

Within a closed community such as a custodial institution, policies designed to educate, counsel and provide treatment could, if properly targeted, achieve a lasting impact.

These and issues relating to the interaction between the volume of drug-related offenders, scarce criminal justice resources, and sentencing and penal policy are constantly under review by many Governments.

The improved system will produce output in the form of country drug profiles incorporating demand, supply and legislative aspects of drug abuse.

These changes have had subsequent effects upon the volume and distribution of interregional heroin trafficking.

Given this limitation, some indications might be gleaned from data relating to arrests for drug trafficking where there are major illicit markets.

Figure 4 shows indexed trends in heroin retail prices (adjusted for inflation) and seizures in Europe from 1983 to 1994.

From its relatively concentrated manufacturing base, cocaine is transported to illicit markets in North America and, to a lesser extent, Europe by a variety of routes and methods, from different parts of Latin America.

In the same period, however, estimated cocaine manufacture tripled, and so the amount of cocaine that may have reached consumers almost doubled.

However, the mechanisms of the illicit market are such that the impact upon the amount of cocaine reaching consumers is less significant.

A volume adjustment reduction of $13,877,400 for project activities is in accordance with estimated delivery, reflecting a slowdown in programming and delays in project implementation for a few major projects.

A programme approach, rather than project support, will be introduced for technical cooperation, and operational concerns will be decentralized from headquarters to the field office network.

In order to preserve this biennial character of the budget process, volume adjustments are only introduced if they constitute a major departure from the approved programme of work and/or budgetary provisions.

In its report,4 the Board of Auditors recommended that UNDCP should take action to ensure timely receipt of audit certificates from executing agencies.

Apart from the need for executing agencies to comply with audit requirements, however, there is clearly a problem of timing.

Once approved by the Commission, the new arrangement could be implemented in the initial budget for the biennium 1998-1999.

That would be the responsibility of the person occupying the proposed P-3/4 post; that person would also act as interlocutor with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Board of Auditors on all audit matters.

These savings are not considered to have an impact on the approved programme of work.

The delay in project implementation is mainly due to the government ' s inability to appoint a supervising consultant firm to monitor and certify construction of bridges and roads.

As a result, the fund balance is expected to decline from $63,337,900 as of 31 December 1995 to $50,950,900 as of 31 December 1997.

UNDCP efforts to increase its visibility are considered essential to maintaining or increasing the level of public donations.

The total amount corresponds to 4.0 per cent of total UNDCP project delivery.

First, as it is a financial planning tool, details are provided on the financial scenario for the outline period.

Current technological developments for the assessment of illicit crops still rely heavily on ground data, and ground surveys will therefore continue to be the main basis for illicit cultivation assessments in the short and medium term.

In Africa, priority will be placed on situation assessment, primary prevention and demand reduction where rapid assessment surveys have been carried out.

Finally, alternative development activities will continue in local communities in the north-western provinces of the Lao People ' s Democratic Republic and in Nghe An province in Viet Nam, bordering the Lao People ' s Democratic Republic.

This will largely be developed within the context of subregional cooperation approaches.

It is estimated that income and expenditure will increase somewhat.

Income and programme support charges are expected to reach $134,030,000, the increase essentially reflecting the outcome of the new fund-raising activities launched during the biennium 1996-1997 and described in paragraphs 59-63 above.

To maintain or even increase the level of activities beyond the outline period would require additional income in excess of the funding currently anticipated.

The Branch is composed of four regional sections (Africa; Asia and the Pacific; Europe and the Middle East; and Latin America and the Caribbean) and the Legal Advisory Programme.

The field offices also carry out normative functions such as promoting adherence to the international drug control treaties and assisting Governments in implementing the Global Programme of Action.

Secondly, volume adjustments capture major departures from the approved programme of work, including their programmatic and budgetary implications, as well as major budgetary changes resulting from efficiency measures.

Adding the preceding budget and resource growth yields " total before recosting ".

Instead, projections until the end of the budget or outline period are based on the latest available monthly rate.

Major programme modifications to the approved budget and their financial implications are identified and introduced as volume adjustments.

Standard data tables do not provide the level of detail necessary to enable the reconstruction of an inventory.

The session will be opened by the Chairman of the SBSTA at 10 a.m. on 16 December 1996, in conference room XX.

The round table on AIJ will take place on Tuesday, 17 December 1996.

The changes will be incorporated in regular updates.

The implementation of the Strategy has been guided by succeeding plans of action and the plan of action for the period 1998-1999 is contained in the addendum to this annex.

This plan of action is brief and is linked directly to the Habitat Agenda.

The Centre has launched a Disaster Mitigation Programme which provides technical cooperation and advisory services to Governments to avoid or minimize the damage to shelter and settlements.

Housing constructed in compliance with regulations and permanent housing also increases from 50 per cent and 60 per cent respectively in the least developed countries, to 98 per cent in the developed countries.

The housing sector has experienced a growing demand due to the downsizing of households, and social exclusion has been on the increase in the sector.

It is planned to introduce reforms in the housing sector to facilitate the development of free-market conditions in the fields of constructing, financing, utilizing and maintaining the housing stock.

In the urban areas also, nearly half the population now live in newly-built quarters.

In addition the Government has formulated guidelines for urban reforms, which included the establishment of public housing funds for urban dwellers, rental increases for public housing and the sale of the existing public housing stock.

The Government has earmarked priority areas and urban centres for urban, social, and industrial development.

A set of guiding principles, strategies and action proposals have been included in the National Plan of Action.

In the area of housing legislation, the Housing Transaction Act has been enacted to improve consumer protection rights of home buyers, and the new Tenancy Act which provides greater freedom to parties involved in rental housing.

In addition, the promotion of cost-saving and land-conserving housing developments the preservation and upgrading of existing housing stocks; the strengthening of the cooperative housing concept and the promotion of self-help to improve housing conditions are all to be emphasized.

The 74th Amendment to the Indian Constitution is facilitating the process of decentralization and empowerment of the people.

Home ownership is supported by mortgage interest relief, cash grants to first-time purchasers of newly-built dwellings, the absence of a general property tax on dwellings, sale of public housing to tenants and the shared ownership system.

The objectives are to promote a quantitative increase in housing production in the rural areas, introduce technologies involving local materials and resources for rural and peri-urban housing and to promote low-cost and self-build housing programmes.

The stock of subsidized rental housing is 45 per cent of the total stock and home ownership is being promoted through fiscal incentives and risk-limiting safety nets.

To this end, human settlements strategies will be coordinated with the national policies for poverty reduction, employment generation and attention to vulnerable groups.

The proportion of private ownership of houses is over 90 per cent and the number of private construction firms has been increasing.

The housing cooperative sector is growing rapidly, with 265 cooperatives having 33,000 members.

Institutional arrangements are under way to rationalize the existing institutional capacity within a long-term strategic framework.

The proportion of housing built through the resources of individuals and construction cooperatives has increased, large-panel type construction has decreased and brick housing construction has increased.

The plan creates an enabling environment for the participation of the private construction and financial sector in housing delivery.

Details of the Centre ' s role during the period 1995-1996 is provided in an addendum to the present document.

The Habitat II preparatory process gave new impetus to national shelter strategies and, in their national plans of action, almost all Governments stated their intention to take new measures to implement their strategies.

In Tunisia, the programme to upgrade all poor settlements has covered 97 per cent of the housing stock in such settlements.

Through recent amendments to the Planning and Building Act, goals for sustainable urban development have been introduced into Swedish planning legislation.

Thus, Malta has adopted procedures under which inter-ministerial consultation and cooperation are both encouraged and required in the planning and execution phase of projects.

The new approach enables the promotion of new technologies through entrepreneurial activity supported by credit facilitation and policy back-up, to improve access to low-cost building materials based on local raw material resources.

The wide-scale use of fuelwood in Africa is contributing to deforestation and soil erosion.

The first step will be to re-establish the " lost " link between resource scarcity and resource prices.

These need to be supported by Governments at all levels with suitable incentives, and replicated wherever possible.

This is the broad agenda of " eco-efficiency ", United Nations, report prepared for the Commission on Sustainable Development, op.cit., pp.12-14. which can bring additional employment to cities, improve their living environment and reduce their ecological footprints.

The experience of these measures need to be reviewed and disseminated for wider public and political acceptance.

The Panel acknowledges the efficient work performed by the secretariat in connection with the Panel’s review of the fourth instalment.

Accordingly, decision 1 provides for the processing of these categories of claims “on an expedited basis” using procedures “such as checking individual claims on a sample basis, with further verification only if circumstances warranted.”S/AC.26/1991/1, para. 8.

In view of the above, the fourth instalment includes 19,434 claims submitted by the Government of Egypt and 40,649 claims submitted by the Government of Kuwait.

A confidential listing containing a revised breakdown of amounts in respect of individual claimants will be provided to the Government of Egypt.

In this connection, Iraq also challenges the probative value of the documentation provided by the Claimant as well as the credibility of the Claimant’s witnesses.

Thus, these costs do not raise any currency exchange rate issues.

The following objects achieved orbit since the last report but are no longer in orbit as of 2400Z 31 March, 1996:

Action in this area would result in less recourse by Governemnts to trade instruments.

The drafting of the law had taken into account the Set of Rules for the Control of Restrictive Business Practices.

Based, as regards restrictive practices, on the “effects doctrine”, the Act would except from the general cartel ban agreeements among enterprises under common control, and provide for the possibility of granting individual and bloc exemptions to others.

The rate of inflation, forecast at 30 per cent, had in fact amounted to only 12 per cent, while the rate of economic growth for the past 10 months was estimated at 14 per cent.

The volumes of investments and of transit traffic had also increased significantly.

Finally, he expressed gratitude to members of the international community for the assistance provided and expressed the hope that their relations with his country would become even closer.

Thus, a gradual approach was necessary, with emphasis on technical cooperation to enable developing countries to develop a legislative and institutional framework.

To combat such practices, sole reliance on domestic legislation was not sufficient.

It was therefore necessary to operate a cultural change in the society in order to benefit fully from a market economy.

Moreover, within the new global environment, consumer choices have widened and consumer preferences have become more diverse and volatile, adding to the intensity of competition facing enterprises.

While firms often start with production for the domestic market, in the process of expansion they may also consider exporting, which is obviously necessary for their integration into the world economy.

Similarly, economies in transition have their own special features.

SMEs face basically two major problems in the area of finance: the mobilization of start-up capital and access to working capital and long-term finance for their development.

Thus, finance from the formal financial sector becomes a necessity.

Further, formal financial institutions tend to discriminate against SMEs, inter alia because of the high transaction costs in relation to the loan amounts.

It is for this reason that, in an industry, import substitution is sometimes regarded as a step towards export promotion (Krugman, 1989).

It should be mentioned, however, that new domestic firms often lack the necessary experience and support services, particularly marketing and distribution channels, for penetrating international markets.

Inter-firm relations may be established through the market, cooperative agreements, trade associations, etc. (Best, 1990).

Some countries have adopted specific measures to address some of these problems.

After paying a stipulated amount of Rs. 1,400, they are free from any inquiry from the income tax authority (Chee, 1995).

The important question of the impact of the nature of policy reforms, their speed and sequencing will be taken up again in chapter III.

Others are a consequence of new legislation and administrative reforms, initiated without analysing the impact of the new laws and regulations on the private sector and on SMEs in particular.

For example, SMEs accounted for around 62 per cent of total manufactured exports of Turkey in the early 1990s.

The lack of measures to develop such dynamism, spillovers, skills upgrading and technological innovations in many of these clusters is a matter that requires attention in ED policies and strategies.

In this regard, it will also be useful to draw lessons from case studies on the role of public and private sectors in promoting networking and clustering of firms and the factors which may facilitate or hinder their development.

The emerging trend shows that the options and scope for action at both enterprise and governmental levels have increased considerably over the past decade.

Strong international support is needed if LDCs are to succeed in their efforts.

In trade efficiency terms, this means that an international trade transaction will never be more efficient than the least efficient of its components.

These specific financing and risk management instruments are particularly useful to SMEs and provide advantages to the traditional trade financing products offered by commercial banks.

It should be designed and implemented as a complement to that undertaken by other, telecom-specific organizations such as the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), and other relevant international bodies such as the Internet Society (ISOC).

It is therefore essential that a strong HRD component should be developed in the Division, and that it should focus on the training of trainers.

Special attention will be given to the potential for materials to be developed within countries that most need the training, as is done within the TRAINMAR network that was initiated by UNCTAD in 1980 (see box).

Training will also be provided to users of ACIS, namely freight forwarders and shippers, with the aim of improving services, overall logistics and their ability to access to information.

This is the long-term role of TRAINMAR.

The 1999 meeting of the Conference of the Parties and its Preparatory Meeting will be held in Nairobi, using six languages.

Therefore, the approved budget for organizing this meeting in 1995 has been carried over to 1996.

Different levels of authority are set by amount per transaction and all transactions must be signed by two officers within their delegated authority;

Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that the equipment of MINUSAL was obtained from the available stock of ONUSAL.

The Secretary-General is therefore requesting an additional appropriation of $561,900 under section 33 (International Seabed Authority).

The Committee was informed that United Nations standards were applied to the costing of posts.

The additional expenditures in this regard amount to $16,000; the United Nations share is equivalent to $7,170.

More recently, further comments have been issued by the Tribunal and issued as annex I to document A/C.5/50/2/Add.1.

The additional staffing requirements, excluding the local level posts, are shown in tables 1 and 2 of the report.

On enquiry, the Committee was informed that the existing 135 local level staff were working as security watchmen, drivers, secretaries and warehouse and logistics clerks, and performing administrative and financial duties.

The Committee, therefore, understands that the provision for inflation will be subject to review by the Committee and approval by the General Assembly each time it is requested.

The Committee requests the Board to monitor this aspect of the procurement process in the context of its regular audits.

The Advisory Committee recommends that the terms of reference of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts and its composition and procedures be issued at once.

The Committee understands that currently the Division is not using actively all United Nations facilities that may be available to advertise in a wider geographical area.

The Committee does not share this view but believes that public openings of bids enhance transparency and fairness in the procurement process and therefore should continue.

As can also be seen from the annex, of the total of 10,021 posts authorized by the General Assembly (3,961 Professional and 6,060 General Service), 834 posts (331 Professional and 503 General Service) are expected to be vacant by the end of the biennium.

Its deliberations focused primarily on the past few years of the University’s journey into the next century.

The military, civil affairs, police and non-governmental organization capabilities and the modalities of involvement are other questions to be addressed in the reports.

Two UNU/WIDER working papers were also completed during the year, and the manuscript for the volume Mobilization of the Endowed Resources to Achieve a Sustainable Path of Growth in Africa is in press.

During the symposium, a catalogue of rivers of South-East Asia and the Pacific was launched and efforts were made to design an international project in river hydrology in the region.

The possibilities for using a similar methodology on country comparisons, in particular with India, were also explored.

The meeting was organized jointly with the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC).

It has received considerable attention in Europe and Asia, and UNU/IIST is planning to disseminate the results of this project to other developing countries.

The programme has also attracted extrabudgetary resources in excess of $900,000.

The best evidence for this has been the growing demand for the rapid assessment procedures manual, which has gone into its fifth printing.

Seven UNU fellows from Africa and Asia participated in the programme on renewable systems of energy at the Indian Institute of Technology in New Delhi.

The fellows each gave brief presentations of their research results and were presented with a UNU certificate confirming the completion of their training.

UNU also cooperated with FAO, which serves as Task Manager for chapter 13 of Agenda 21 in the area of managing fragile ecosystems and in research on issues pertaining to the sustainable development of mountain and highland regions.

Parallel to this exercise, the University prepared its programme and budget for the biennium 1996–1997.

The next Rector is expected to begin his or her term in September 1997.

UNU Press also availed itself of these opportunities to draw attention to the dissemination activities of the University in these key areas with displays of UNU titles at both the Copenhagen and Beijing Conferences.

See Council resolution 1996/7 (para. 72 above).

At its resumed substantive session, the Council considered the item jointly with item 11 (Programme and related questions in the economic, social and related fields) at its 54th and 55th meetings, on 13 and 14 November 1996.

Subsequently, Belarus and Oman 204/ joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.

The question was considered at the 1st, 2nd, 4th to 7th, 50th, 55th and 56th meetings, on 25 January, 9 February, 2 and 3 May, 25 July and 14 and 20 November 1996.

The same witness said that he saw the author wrap the body in tarpaulin and carry it away.

During the Committee ' s forty-fifth session, in July 1992, it was decided to transmit the communication to the State party under rule 91 of the rules of procedure, seeking information and observations about the admissibility of the case.

He further claims that his legal aid lawyer advised him to plead guilty and that, when he refused, the lawyer failed to cross-examine the witnesses.

The records are later typed out and have to be proofread by the judges, causing inordinate delays.

The State party is under an obligation to take appropriate measures to ensure that similar violations do not occur in the future.

Subsequently, he unsuccessfully requested reinstatement in his former post.

In this context, they argue that the proceedings before the Administrative Chamber of the Court of Appeal are wholly ineffective, since their cases were obviously filed after their reinstatement under the Amnesty Law, and nothing has happened since.

The Committee regrets the absence of cooperation on the part of the State party as far as the merits of the authors' claims are concerned.

The application was then withdrawn.

Again, he requested the formal recognition of his administrative status, but his employer did not process his request.

At the time of the retrial, Detective Ashman had died, and his deposition was admitted as evidence.

The defence therefore had no opportunity to have the police officer ready before the commencement of the trial.

Detective Ashman died between the two trials, and the evidence from his deposition could not, therefore, be subjected to cross-examination.

This applies not only to the trial and relevant appeals, but also to any preliminary hearings relating to the case.

It appears from the file that a trial date was set for 22 February 1984 and that the trial was postponed because the accused Wright was no longer in custody.

The Committee notes that it appears from the written judgement of the Court of Appeal that the Court did review the case proprio motu.

The victim reported the incident to the Consulate of the United States of America, which reported it to the police.

He claims to be a victim of violations by Togo of articles 1, paragraphs 1 and 2; 2, paragraph 3 (a), (b) and (c); 7; 9, paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 5; 10, paragraph 1; 12, paragraph 4; and 17, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

Upon his arrival, he was threatened by his ex-wife and her sons, who sought to have him arrested upon orders of the mayor of Kara and tried to discourage the potential buyer of the house.

In this respect, therefore, the Committee decided that the communication was inadmissible ratione temporis.

Sometime either late in 1992 or early in 1993, he was transferred to an island prison (Carrera Convict Prison), where violations of the prisoners' rights are said to be common and conditions of detention deplorable.

Mr. Pinto was referred to the eye clinic and given appointments for 12 March and 21 May 1992; a police escort was unavailable on those dates, and the author could not keep the appointments.

As he did not reply within the prescribed deadline, a reminder was sent to him on 19 August 1993.

Under cross-examination, K. G. changed her testimony on six different occasions; according to the author, her allegations against him thus became baseless.

He submits that the main point of his complaint is that, as a consequence of the violations of his rights, he has been convicted of murder whereas he is innocent.

He further states that the six days to read through the documents was too short a period of time, since he needed the assistance of an interpreter, which requires more time.

The State party argues that the obligation under article 9, paragraph 3, of the Covenant to bring the author promptly before a judge or other officer authorized by law to exercise judicial power had to be fulfilled as of that date.

The Committee observes, however, that the first sentence of article 9, paragraph 3, of the Covenant is intended to bring the detention of a person charged with a criminal offence under judicial control.

In the circumstances, the Committee finds that the facts before it do not sustain a finding that the author was a victim of a violation of article 10 of the Covenant.

He claims to be a victim of violations by Trinidad and Tobago of articles 9, 10 and 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

The author allegedly confessed having stabbed Farrel, in retaliation for stabs Farrel had inflicted on him two months before.

The family has to provide the prisoners with airmail letter forms, for which they then have to ask the prison authorities and which they do not always receive.

According to their evidence, they saw two men, carrying rolls of cloth, running away from the shop.

One of the police officers then pursued the men, whom he identified as the author and as P.G. Both were known to him.

The State party stated that it would inform the Committee as soon as the results of the investigation were available.

He claims to be a victim of a violation by Jamaica of article 2, paragraph 3, and article 14, paragraphs 1, 3 (b) and 3 (d), of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

The prosecution called two eyewitnesses, the deceased ' s common law wife and his brother.

The author claims that his granddaughter is a victim of violations by Peru of articles 2, paragraphs 1 and 3; 6, paragraph 1; 7; 9; 10, paragraph 1; and 24, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

The family then requested the provincial prosecutor of Huacho (Fiscal Provincial de la Primera Fiscalía de Huaura-Huacho) to help them locate Ana.

No information about the results, if any, of further investigations in the case, and no court documents have been received from the State party, in spite of a reminder addressed to it on 25 September 1995.

It was believed — as noted in Belgian newspaper reports of 21 April 1993 — that he is/was detained at the headquarters of the National Intelligence Service, where ill-treatment of detainees is said to be common.

As of 1 March 1996, no information on the fate of Mr. Tshishimbi had been forwarded to the Committee.

It is further submitted that the parliamentary ombudsman, although constituting the main independent procedure for investigation of complaints from inmates, has no powers of enforcement and his recommendations are not binding.

According to the letter, Mr. Burrell had been threatened with death by a warder whose relative Mr. Burrell was convicted of having murdered and Mr. Burrell had consequently lodged a complaint with the superintendent.

The injured warders and inmates were taken to Spanish Town Hospital, where Mr. Burrell and three other inmates were pronounced dead.

In this context, counsel notes that only one of the three warders refers to Mr. Burrell in his statement, saying that he was among the inmates who pushed him into the cell.

In this context, counsel refers to statements from inmates and to press articles.

It adds that available domestic remedies in the case have not been exhausted.

Faced with that situation, the Office of the National Delegate for Human Rights sent the notification by registered mail, requesting the Ministry of Defence to comply with the law and respect the terms of resolution No. 13.

His father died in prison under circumstances that, to date, remain largely unexplained.

Those attempts continued after she emigrated to Australia.

Local government authorities in Hungary have rejected her claim, despite a gradual move, in Hungary, to restitute property seized under the Communist regime to the former owners.

The difference in treatment thus cannot be said to constitute prohibited discrimination.

That being the case, the State party should have provided an " effective remedy " to the victims of such violations.

That part of the communication was therefore deemed inadmissible.

In this respect, counsel contends that by the State party ' s own admission, the author only began to receive treatment for his cancer in 1993 whereas he had been diagnosed for cancer in 1989; counsel, however, fails to produce any evidence.

In the absence of a response from the State party, the Committee must give appropriate weight to those allegations, to the extent that they have been substantiated.

Since then, the sons have been trying in vain to have their property returned to them.

A natural person or legal entity is entitled to file a constitutional complaint.

In this connection, it refers not only to article 3, paragraph 1, of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and Freedoms, containing the non-discrimination clause, but above all to the relevant clauses of international human rights treaties.

He further complains about unreasonably prolonged proceedings in the Czech Republic, in particular that whereas their letters to the Czech Government reached the Czech authorities within a week, the replies took 3 to 4 months.

Bearing in mind that the author ' s original entitlement to his property by virtue of inheritance was not predicated on citizenship, the Committee finds that the condition of citizenship in Act 87/1991 is unreasonable.

This means that the Human Rights Committee should exercise utmost caution in dealing with questions of discrimination in the economic field.

For example, restrictions or prohibitions of certain economic rights, including the right of inheritance or succession, which are based on nationality or citizenship, may well be justified as legitimate distinctions.

The Court of Appeal dismissed the argument, stating that " [t]he value of the statement was to rebut his alibi and to put him at the scene of the crime ".

Indeed, that is one of the facts which leads me to dissent from the majority opinion:

The Human Rights Committee is responsible for ensuring that the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights are not violated as a consequence of the execution of a sentence.

Those matters are said to constitute a violation of article 14, paragraph 3 (b) and (e), of the Covenant.

After carefully weighing the information available to it, the Committee concludes that there has been no violation of either article 14 paragraph 3 (b), or of article 17, paragraph 1, of the Covenant.

The author told her that he was " Mix up in a little trouble ", and asked to leave the pick-up at her premises; she agreed, and the author also left her the car keys and licence plates.

In the statement, the author admitted participating in the murder and implicated Peter Grant and Howard Malcolm.

Counsel submits that any execution that would take place more than five years after conviction would result in such pain and suffering, in violation of article 7.

Another witness (S.W.) testified that at 8:00 a.m. she was given a lift by Mr. Myrie from Johnson Town to Hopewell and that there were three other men in the truck; one she identified as Howard Malcolm.

The judge admitted the statement into evidence, despite counsel ' s objection.

The State party has promised to investigate those claims, but has failed to forward to the Committee its findings a year and four months after promising to do so, in spite of a reminder sent on 22 April 1996.

He claims to be a victim of violations by Jamaica of articles 7 and 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

Counsel accordingly submits that all domestic remedies have been exhausted for the purpose of the Optional Protocol.

The Committee refers to its established jurisprudence that prolonged detention on death row does not per se amount to cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment in the absence of further compelling circumstances.

The terms in which the majority opinion on the communication submitted by Wayne Spence against Jamaica was expressed obliges me to express my individual opinion.

Those are the limits of the Human Rights Committee ' s competence to determine whether there has been compliance with, or violation of, the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

Rather, the State party claims, each case must be examined on its own merits in order to determine whether or not there has been a violation of constitutional rights.

She denies that the doctrine of res judicata, either in its narrow or in its wide application, would apply to the present communication.

In those circumstances, the present complaint does not amount to an abuse of process; nor does the Committee consider that it " unnecessarily prolongs " the judicial process, as the claim at issue in the present communication has never been adjudicated.

In this connection, the State party notes that the author withdrew from the proceedings at an early stage at first instance and subsequently withdrew his appeal to the Full Court of the Family Court.

In this context, the State party submits that it would have been open to the author to argue before the Full Court that a miscarriage of justice had occurred on the basis that relevant matters had been given insufficient weight.

As regards the author ' s argument that he had been advised that his appeal would not be successful, the State party recalls that doubts about the likelihood of success of remedies do not absolve an author from exhausting them.

The State party therefore argues that the author has not raised an issue under the Covenant and, alternatively, that he has failed to substantiate his allegations.

With that money the War Crimes Fund was constituted, which granted the Hong Kong veterans a payment of $1.00, later raised to $1.50, per day of imprisonment.

They contend that they did not receive appropriate entitlement and/or were under-assessed for their specific disabilities in comparison with other Canadian veterans who returned from the war.

The State party recalls that a communication must be submitted by the individual alleging to be a victim or by a duly authorized representative, and it refers to the Committee ' s jurisprudence in that regard.

His appeal against the decision of 29 June 1989 was dismissed by the Court of Cassation on 17 December 1990.

Accordingly, the French reservation to article 5, paragraph 2 (a), is said to apply.

It is not for the Committee to question the evaluation of the evidence by the domestic courts unless that evaluation was manifestly arbitrary or amounted to a denial of justice.

The State party explains that collective agreements are contracts based on private law and exclusively within the discretion of the contracting parties.

Negotiated and concluded by public professional organizations established by law, the procedures and contents of collective agreements are set forth in federal laws, which stipulate what a collective agreement may regulate.

The claim has thus been substantiated for purposes of admissibility.

It is further argued that domestic remedies are ineffective in practice and would fail to offer the authors any protection or any remedy.

The Supreme Court dismissed that argument.

It is also planned for users to be able to access manufacturers' parts catalogues on-line.

Assists in the development and maintenance of the field assets control system.

The field mission logistics system will be developed in-house by building on the groupware, data transmission network and electronic data-processing equipment already in place for the field assets control system.

This system will be similar in configuration to the field assets control system but will provide records and controls for the efficient management of expendable property in accordance with financial rule 110.25 and ST/AI/374.

However, the advantages of the new headquarters location did not come without drawbacks.

Other emerging interlocutors included a newly established committee for refugees and displaced persons within the Palestinian Council, and camp committees formed in the West Bank and Gaza Strip on the initiative of the Palestinian Authority.

The Agency was also gratified at the strong support provided by the Authority in efforts to overcome the Agency ' s financial crisis.

Frustration and despair within the refugee community, still awaiting a solution to their plight after nearly five decades, were intensified by the poor living conditions and restricted opportunities which so many continued to face.

Keen interest in early implementation continued to be shown by the Authority, which under current arrangements was accommodating tenth-grade refugee pupils in its own schools.

On the whole, rented premises afforded pupils roughly one third of the classroom space available in Agency-standard schools, resulting in cramped conditions but also increasing recurrent costs for teachers by limiting the number of pupils per classroom.

While availability of funding was the main limitation on the Agency ' s building programme, in some fields, such as the West Bank (see para. 113) and Lebanon, problems relating to sites were an equally serious constraint.

A one-year course for head teachers and school supervisors aimed to develop their administrative, supervisory and leadership skills.

Through the scholarship programme, the Agency sought to enhance education levels and hence employability of Palestine refugee youths who were high achievers.

The Agency commenced development of an education management information system, an on-line relational database covering all aspects of the education programme, with the goal of enhancing programme management and improving project reporting.

The university-level degrees awarded by ESF in the West Bank received recognition by the Authority.

Owing to funding shortfalls, allocations had to be reduced through a series of austerity measures, leaving average budgeted expenditure per refugee on health services at little more than $18 a year.

As part of its long-standing technical assistance, WHO provided UNRWA on a non-reimbursable loan basis two senior health staff, including the Director of Health, and covered the cost of the five division chief posts.

Family health continued to be emphasized as an integral part of the Agency ' s regular health programme.

The Agency conducted a wide spectrum of health education activities aimed at promoting healthy lifestyles and raising public awareness within the refugee community.

With the electronic storage of the family files and linkage of the three sets of records, the unified registration system would improve programme planning and management, ensure the security of vital data and preserve an important historical resource.

Meanwhile, improvements to existing Agency records continued.

In addition, cash purchases from local suppliers would replace international procurement of food ration commodities, thereby supporting local economies.

Under the poverty alleviation programme, UNRWA continued to assist disadvantaged refugees, especially women, to raise their economic status through skills training, production units, group savings and loan schemes, and credit provision.

A total of 27 skills-training and production units were in operation, including income-generation projects established at women ' s programme centres and community rehabilitation centres.

The fact that participation in community programmes increased without a corresponding increase in Agency expenditure was an indication of the progress made towards self-sustainability.

Simple finance systems, computerized where possible, were installed at all centres.

Other United Nations agencies and local and international non-governmental organizations specializing in women ' s issues and disability provided technical assistance and, together with local embassies, were an important source of funding for community centres.

Based on the provisional closure of accounts for the 1996 calendar year, total income under all funds on a cash basis was $316.6 million, of which $260.9 million was for the regular budget and $55.7 million was for projects.

Most of the income was received in cash, although $22.0 million (6.9 per cent) was received in kind, mainly as donations of food commodities.

In view of the gravity of the situation, the Commissioner-General convened an extraordinary meeting of major donors and host Governments at Amman on 23 September 1996.

The cumulative deficits in extrabudgetary accounts had arisen for various reasons.

Several opportunities for strengthening cooperation were identified, and assurances were received that countries in the region would continue and in some cases seek to increase their support.

Of the 44 staff members, 40 were released without charge or trial after relatively short periods of detention, leaving 4 in detention as at 30 June 1997, compared to 27 as at 30 June 1996.

The Agency had adopted that policy in 1995 by integrating measles, mumps and rubella vaccine into its expanded programme on immunization.

In view of the critical situation facing refugees in Lebanon and the difficulty faced by the Agency in meeting their needs, a special emergency appeal was launched to provide increased assistance in 1997-1998 (see para. 20).

The 73 UNRWA schools in Lebanon accommodated 37,969 pupils in the 1996/97 school year.

Construction was completed on two school buildings in Beddawi camp to replace rented premises which lacked adequate classroom space and other facilities.

As part of the unified registration system, the basic registration database was installed at the last of five area offices in Lebanon, with a consequent increase in efficiency and a saving of staff costs.

The Agency completed rehabilitation of 103 shelters of special hardship families, of which 94 were funded under the Peace Implementation Programme.

Agency social workers assisted the families to form residents' committees which would assume responsibility for managing the facility.

A sustained programme of construction and maintenance was urgently needed in the Syria field, where 92 per cent of Agency schools operated on double shifts.

Among the community events sponsored by the centres was a discussion of women and work held at the Jaramana centre on the occasion of international labour day.

The low increase, which was less than the rate of natural population growth, reflected an observed tendency among parents to delay registration of newborn children.

The Agency was seeking additional project funding to meet their shelter rehabilitation needs.

Community volunteers and Agency staff devoted special attention to integrating disabled children into mainstream UNRWA schools and to home outreach programmes for families of disabled children.

A library and a computer centre were established at the Askar centre.

In the 1996/97 school year, the 162 Agency schools accommodated 140,673 pupils, a net increase (8.6 per cent) of seven administrative schools and 11,179 pupils over the previous year.

The Agency for the first time procured textbooks for its Gaza schools from the Palestinian Authority, at additional cost but without the logistical difficulties and delays entailed in importing books from Egypt, as had been the practice.

Despite major progress in improving the Agency ' s education infrastructure in the Gaza Strip through project contributions under the Peace Implementation Programme, much needed to be done.

Of those students, 53 graduated in November 1996 with an accredited bachelor ' s degree in education and the remaining 56 fourth-year students were due to graduate by July 1997.

The regular in-service training programme offered seven one-year courses benefiting 171 teachers, head teachers and school supervisors.

Maternity units at seven of the centres attended to approximately one fourth of the total registered deliveries in the Gaza Strip.

Commissioning awaited a final decision on how the college would be integrated within the human resources development plans of the Palestinian Authority.

Expansion of the solid waste disposal system through purchase of one garbage truck and 25 refuse containers was completed.

The Agency rehabilitated 342 shelters belonging to special hardship families during the year, all but five with project funding.

Contacts between the centres and other rehabilitation organizations were enhanced through joint training activities.

Ongoing rehabilitation activities at the RCVI included vocational training, income-generation opportunities, Braille courses, a home outreach service and recreational activities.

The Society of the Friends of the Rehabilitation Centre for the Visually Impaired established an administrative board to run the centre ' s day-to-day affairs, in a step towards making it an independent non-governmental organization.

The General Assembly, in its resolution 51/190 of 16 December 1996, reiterated that request.

Settlement activities intensified throughout the occupied territories, including Jerusalem, where the escalation was justified under the pretext that Jerusalem was the eternal capital of Israel.

In granting such relief under article 15(1), the court would be guided by its own rules on procedure on the taking of evidence and would not introduce discovery mechanisms unknown in the enacting State.

Furthermore, the wording in square brackets in draft article 19(3) offered sufficient flexibility for the court in the enacting State to terminate the stay under draft article 16, taking into account the interest of the parties.

It was also noted that the issuance of notices under article 18 might entail additional costs which might not always be warranted by the assets available for the insolvency proceedings.

It was pointed out that applications for recognition of foreign proceedings required expeditious treatment, as they were often submitted in circumstances of imminent danger of dissipation or concealment of the debtor’s assets or serious aggravation of the debtor’s financial situation.

Paragraph (3) should expressly cover such a possibility.

Paragraph (3) should empower the court to revisit the decision to recognize the foreign proceeding if the circumstances so required.

It would be incorrect to regard those objectives as being contradictory only because, in individual cases, some of them might take precedence over the others.

Besides, the notion of debts incurred for " family purposes " was found to be unclear and susceptible to misuse by unscrupulous debtors.

However, that suggestion was not adopted.

The Commission was therefore urged not to expand the scope for exclusions under paragraph (2).

The Commission, however, decided that a foreign non-main proceeding susceptible to recognition under article 13(3)(b) should only be a proceeding commenced in a State where the debtor had an establishment in the meaning of article 2(f).

The Commission adopted subparagraph (e) unchanged.

In some of those legal systems there was a dichotomy between the notion of public policy as it applied to domestic affairs, and the notion of public policy that was used in private international law matters.

The Commission noted that, by being issued in the six official languages of the United Nations, CLOUT constituted an invaluable tool for practitioners, academics and government officials.

New actions by Brunei Darussalam, Kyrgyzstan, Mauritania and Mauritius; number of States parties: 112.

Confidentiality is central to preventive diplomacy.

Both elements entail financial as well as political considerations.

Such coordination, notably with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, is now standard procedure when it comes to planning and supporting the rehabilitation of a country during and after a multifunctional peacekeeping operation.

In that regard, its Policy Analysis Team, whose main functions are described in paragraphs 92 to 94 of the Inspectors' report, is a more effective and less costly mechanism than a conflict resolution unit would be.

Furthermore, it is important to have close coordination and cooperation among departments/agencies and to come up with preliminary field level judgements on situations in a given spot, through continuous monitoring.

The Committee reiterates its previous recommendation that the training of law enforcement officials should be improved in the light of the Committee ' s General Recommendation XIII.

Training of the police on human rights issues is also welcomed.

School and adult education policies implemented by the State party to reflect a pluri-national and multilingual population are a source of satisfaction.

At its 1211th meeting, held on 20 March 1997, it adopted the following concluding observations.

The Committee also recommends that instances of cases where reparation was sought from the courts, together with the courts' decisions thereon, be provided.

It noted the amendments to the Act of 30 July 1981 designed to curb certain acts motivated by racism or xenophobia.

Those measures led to the establishment in 1993 of the Centre for Equal Opportunity and Action to Combat Racism, the primary function of which is to receive complaints of racial discrimination and, if necessary, institute court proceedings.

The Committee recommends that the State party include in its next periodic report information on the results of putting into effect recently adopted legislation, as mentioned above, and the obstacles encountered in so doing.

This, however, does not absolve the Government of Iraq from its responsibility to implement the Convention.

Those steps should include the education and sensitization of law enforcement officials about the provisions of the Convention.

Specifically, they are not guaranteed the right to express themselves in their own languages during legal proceedings.

It is reminded that article 5 also covers several other rights.

The Committee welcomed, in particular, the assurance that Rwanda will resume its reporting obligations under the Convention shortly.

The Committee is further encouraged by the action of President Ramos in requesting Congress to enact those bills into law by November 1997.

The Committee also welcomes the additional written and oral information provided by the State party ' s delegation, which enabled it to establish a very constructive and fruitful dialogue with the Committee.

In this regard, the bilateral treaties, which include specific provisions of protection against racial discrimination and guarantees of equal rights with regard to minorities, that have been signed with neighbouring countries are an encouraging development.

It is also noted with satisfaction that the Act on the Elections to the Sejm of 28 May 1993 provides measures for promoting minority rights in the electoral process.

In this connection, the attention of the State party is drawn to the Committee ' s General Recommendation XXIII on indigenous peoples.

It would welcome in next report examples, if any exist, of court decisions illustrating how the Convention is applied in domestic law.

It was a particular source of satisfaction that the General Assembly had observed that the Committee ' s efforts to continue to improve its working methods had enabled it to reduce the delay in the consideration of reports submitted.

The latter informed the HREOC that the " sole reason for refusing [the author ' s] employment was to ensure the integrity of the Adelaide Casino and public confidence in that institution ".

The State party argues that the author did not exhaust domestic remedies in this respect and that he could have filed an application for judicial review of this allegation under the ADJR.

As we have explained, Presidential Decrees enacted during Martial Law declared in 1972 are, in effect, legislation because during that time the President had both executive and legislative powers.

To reduce the volume of the present document, relevant JIU recommendations are rendered in a succinct form.

International experts are hired by Governments whenever the national expertise in a given area is lacking.

Professional individuals or institutions within a country carry out research, replicate projects or conduct training.

Towards that end, the Library of the United Nations Office at Geneva undertook indexing of additional series of United Nations documents.

In its decision 49/441 of 19 December 1994, the Assembly took note of the JIU report and the comments of the Administrative Committee on Coordination thereon.

ESCAP also arranges for nationals of small island States to undergo training in the more advanced developing countries of the region.

The new process involves assessing information needs and target groups and determining the best means of delivery in cooperation with specialized agencies.

It should be noted that some Committee members share the view that the financing of science and technology in Africa will involve resources well beyond the capacity of the United Nations system.

The other members of the Conference have appointed specialized staff members who represent them in the Conference.

The Committee of Actuaries, which advises the Board and/or the Standing Committee on actuarial matters, meets annually in New York for three or four days.

He stressed the importance of maintaining the consensus that had prevailed in the Committee.

He said that the members of the Task Force had made clear that they were open to suggestions and there had been no shortage of consultations.

On the proposal of several delegations, the Committee agreed to amend paragraphs 14 and 60 to reflect appropriately in the report the process of consultations by the Chairman since its meeting held in September.

As the Secretary-General said, “press freedom is the key to strong media establishments in developed and developing countries alike”.

Guests have included such personalities as the Secretaries-General and President Nelson Mandela.

It is implementing a new client-server system — the Integrated Library Management System — that brings together all major library operations, incorporating existing functions already automated with other functions heretofore performed manually.

I would like to request that this statement be published and circulated as an official document of the Council and the General Assembly.

It was convened at the request of the Russian Federation.

After putting handcuffs on Mr. Orange, Officer Finnerty tried to find witnesses to corroborate his story.

However, it was blocked again on Lexington Avenue by the same patrol car which pulled in front of the Ambassador ' s car and put its flashing lights on.

The streets of New York, and particularly those in Manhattan, were among the most congested in the world.

Diplomats who did not pay parking fines for 12 months would be notified that their vehicles could not be legally operated.

The United States expected the Programme to begin as scheduled, i.e., 1 April 1997.

If, however, the registration of the vehicle had been terminated because there had been a violation under the Programme, the diplomat would have to incur the costs of removing the vehicle from the place to which it had been towed.

The City would only issue parking tickets that were justifiable, non-discriminatory and in full compliance with all laws and regulations.

He noted that many delegations had expressed their support for it.

The Assembly must address the overall diplomatic issues.

In this connection, the Committee ' s discussion was valuable and important in establishing confidence and trust.

The arrangements made in the Secretariat in this regard may be summarized as follows:

More than $24.8 million has been programmed for Bosnia and Herzegovina.

In view of the forthcoming reduction of staff, it would seem that reallocation of staff within the department would not be feasible.

This would require adjustment to the new method, as well as special efforts, taking into account the complexity of the period.

This might require some initial investment but will generate considerable profit from sales.

Selective market analysis has shown that these are out of stock and that the Repertoire is likely to attract interest if available as a set (1945 to present).

A number of measures will be taken to facilitate the preparation of the supplements, including delegation of responsibility to the Secretariat units concerned for the preparation of the relevant volumes of the Repertory supplements and simplification of the format.

It noted that some progress had been made early in the year on the Protocol concerning the Redeployment in Hebron and the Note for the Record setting out a mutual understanding by the parties in implementation of the Protocol.

The Committee considered those declarations not conducive to creating an atmosphere of trust and confidence between the parties and generally harmful to the peace process.

The draft resolution was not adopted owing to the negative vote of a permanent member of the Security Council.

The Seminar participants were honoured to hear an opening address by H.E. Dr. Abdullah Ensour, Deputy Prime Minister of Jordan.

Although the situation remained fluid, UNHCR initiated a review of the assistance programme in order to determine future directions of the programme for the remaining refugees.

The insecurity also affected the prospects of refugees of the Democratic Republic of the Congo wishing to repatriate from Uganda.

The Government of Unity and National Reconstruction was subsequently inaugurated.

The main function of the unit is to promote joint planning, coordination and approval of reintegration programmes and projects of the two agencies, and to facilitate a smooth phase-out of UNHCR reintegration activities.

When conditions would permit, UNHCR planned to carry out a pre-registration of potential returnees, which was an essential part of the preparatory work for the repatriation operation under the settlement plan.

It had held discussions with the relevant parties, all of whom had pledged their full cooperation and support.

It had been necessary to retain nine civilian police officers in order to ensure the security of equipment and computerized information in Laayoune and Tindouf.

These include courses in both of the working languages in drafting letters, memoranda and reports and making oral presentations.

During that period, new translators are gradually familiarized with the specific requirements of translation at the United Nations.

Taking into account their academic background and demonstrated areas of strength after a few years of experience, they are specialized in various subject matters.

Services are also provided on an “as available” basis for such other informal meetings as briefings for delegations and bodies that request to convene informally outside their scheduled sessions.

Thus, in the collections of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, English is the predominant language followed by French, Spanish, Russian, Arabic and Chinese respectively.

Other languages have significant representation, most notably German.

Further details on the disposal of assets were presented in annexes IV and V to the ONUMOZ financing report dated 31 July 1995 (A/49/649/Add.3).

Provision is made for a total of 16,452 person/days at the rate of $60 per person/day in accordance with the phased deployment of 81 civilian police observers for the period from 1 November 1997 to 30 June 1998.

Provision covers the seven-month period from 1 November 1997 to 31 May 1998 owing to the time lag in the delivery of the vehicles to the Mission area.

Provision is made for the purchase of 45 4x4 utility vehicles at a cost of $20,000 per vehicle ($900,000) and related freight charges at 15 per cent of the total equipment value ($135,000).

Provision is made for requirements for 45 utility vehicles based on an average mileage of 3,500 kilometres per vehicle per month, a fuel usage of eight kilometres per litre and a fuel cost of $0.31 per litre ($42,700).

The estimate includes provision for lubricants at 10 per cent of the total fuel cost ($4,300).

Provision is made for the purchase of 48 air-conditioners for the identification centres and district offices, at a cost of $700 per unit ($33,600) and related freight charges at 12 per cent of the total cost ($4,000).

The President: I have great pleasure in welcoming His Excellency The Honourable Denzil Douglas, Prime Minister and Minister for National Security, Foreign Affairs, Finance, Planning and Information of Saint Kitts and Nevis and inviting him to address the General Assembly.

Mr. Douglas (Saint Kitts and Nevis): The fifty-second anniversary of the United Nations is yet another historic moment for us all.

Our shared presence here is evidence that as Members of this great institution we have an opportunity to realize our collective aspirations and expectations.

I urge the international community to join the Caribbean in taking prompt, decisive and tangible steps to assist the people of Montserrat.

Let this session of the General Assembly be a watershed when collective efforts were translated into appropriate action and well-deserved results.

Given the diverse and sensitive concerns of all Member States, however, this issue must be handled with the utmost prudence and seriousness.

My Government believes that universal adherence to the existing non-proliferation regimes represents an essential step towards realizing that common objective.

Given the magnitude of the scourge of anti-personnel landmines, the Republic of Korea has decided to extend for an indefinite period its moratorium on the export of anti-personnel landmines, which was to expire at the end of this year.

My delegation therefore welcomes the adoption of the Agenda for Development at the previous session of the General Assembly and the Secretary-General’s reform proposals designed to enhance the United Nations economic and social initiatives as well as its development activities.

One of the United Nations’ most compelling responsibilities is to further promote universal respect for human rights and deter gross human rights abuses and political oppression.

The President: I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Singapore, His Excellency Mr. S. Jayakumar.

We have reached the conclusion that the prospects for further progress are not good.

Moreover, creating five new permanent members in a Security Council of 21 will seriously upset the present balance between permanent seats and non-permanent seats.

But I hope I have demonstrated that several critical aspects of the positions of the major countries on Security Council reform need further clarification before progress can be made.

This is not to say that Security Council or financial reforms are unimportant.

Mr. Moussa (Egypt) (interpretation from Arabic): Mr. President, to you and your friendly country, I am pleased to extend my warmest congratulations on your election to the presidency of this session of the General Assembly.

While we agree on the need to change the United Nations and increase its effectiveness, we might not be as agreed on the means to achieve that objective.

Nor should it adversely affect the equitable geographic distribution in the composition of the Secretariat.

Any attempt to make payment conditional will only complicate the entire reform process.

Fourthly, the improvement of the working methods of the Council should be given equal importance.

It is a source of regret for us that so far no practical steps have been taken to rid our region of the threat of nuclear weapons.

Turning to Africa, I wish to refer to the ministerial meeting convened by the Security Council last week to consider the sources and causes of African conflicts and how to contain and resolve them.

A year ago, from this rostrum, I called for concerted efforts against attempts to marginalize the role of the United Nations.

The Acting President: I now call on the Chairman of the delegation of New Zealand, His Excellency Mr. Michael John Powles.

Member States need to trust the Secretary-General to fulfil his responsibilities under the Charter: to give effect to the policy directions which they set.

I referred earlier to the intergovernmental track.

Sunshine, an American jurist once observed, is the best disinfectant.

In addition, it provides for the bases and criteria for wealth-sharing in the country.

With regard to the formation of African peacekeeping forces, we stress the need to harmonize any measures taken in this matter with the resolutions and positions of the OAU.

We agree with what the Secretary-General stated in his report to the tenth emergency special session of the General Assembly about the seriousness of the situation in the region.

Those cultures should be allowed the opportunity of free and equitable self-expression in order to enrich human experience and elevate the values of tolerance and acceptance of the other.

In Israel, both right and left are united in this quest.

Dialogue, negotiation, compromise and the honouring of agreements — those are the path to peace.

It is only through direct negotiations that we can bring this process to a successful conclusion.

The countries of the Middle East that are party to the peace effort have a common interest in regional stability and the advancement of prosperity and well-being for all the nations of the region.

Much to our chagrin, in the last year we have seen an intensification of the political campaign waged against Israel at the United Nations.

Mr. Tabacaru (Republic of Moldova) (interpretation from French): Allow me at the outset to congratulate the President wholeheartedly on his election to the presidency of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly of the United Nations.

I would also like to express my appreciation for the contribution made by Mr. Razali Ismail in his capacity as President during the previous session.

We are convinced that the implementation of this Treaty can enhance international security.

Yet, I wish to emphasize that the Republic of Moldova would like to contribute to this system and that last year our Government expressed its readiness to take part in the United Nations standby forces.

The region is also taking a different approach in its relations with the economically advanced countries.

After more than 30 years of efforts, construction has begun on the Santa Cruz-San Pablo-Curitiba gas pipeline, the first segment of a network of energy distribution for which Bolivia ' s territory provides the crossroads.

Bolivia itself has done a great deal to contain this problem.

Accordingly, my Government has taken the decision to remove Bolivia from the drug-trafficking circuit within the term of my administration.

Namibia is among many countries still facing the bitter experience of the effects of landmines, which have claimed and continue to claim human lives, and which pose serious obstacles to the reconstruction and development process.

By pooling our resources and skills, we can create a far greater market for all of us than any of our nations has.

To this end, we look forward with great expectation to the outcome of the first Conference of the Parties.

This will provide the international community with an ample opportunity to reaffirm its commitment to combat this global problem.

In this regard, we feel strongly that the phasing out of a United Nations presence in Angola must hinge on the situation on the ground.

The United Nations Observer Mission in Angola was established to keep the peace in that country.

We therefore welcome the appointment of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.

We therefore call on the Government authorities in Israel to desist from such acts.

In other parts of Africa we see active regional cooperation to promote peace and justice in the aftermath of terrible conflicts.

Security Council membership should be more representative of the world ' s developing regions and more reflective of modern global realities.

The Philippines is in favour of reform.

My delegation also wishes to take this opportunity to express its deepest appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Razali Ismail of Malaysia, for his exceptional leadership and creative energies during the past year.

Nothing brings home this reality more than the unfortunate events unfolding in Cambodia.

Mrs. Eshmambetova (Kyrgyzstan), Vice-President, took the Chair.

Even the more successful developing countries have not escaped the tremendous turmoil that integration into the global market can bring on, as evidenced by the currency crisis that Thailand and many other countries in South-East Asia are going through.

Also crucial is the need to be vigilant in improving prudential regulations.

No single State or region can go it alone.

Thailand attaches great importance to the strengthening of the role of the United Nations in promoting international cooperation for economic and social development.

In this regard, we support the Secretary-General ' s proposal on innovative means of mobilizing new financial resources for development.

Thailand will continue to support and participate actively in efforts to establish an international criminal court, as well as in the elaboration of new legal instruments to combat terrorism.

If we are to succeed in doing this, a global partnership needs to be forged, be it in the area of politics, economic and social development, environmental protection or humanitarian assistance.

We entered into the peace process convinced that the basic elements had been accepted at Madrid and that they had become commitments of the participating States.

The Israeli Government reneged on its commitments with regard to the occupied Syrian Golan, so it stressed its annexation.

Thus, the principle of provocation and confrontation was re-established in order to create unity internally.

Destruction and demolition continued, as did the detention of Lebanese citizens in Israeli military camps — all of this without the United Nations international institutions being allowed to visit them.

We are confident that he will be able to lead our deliberations efficiently towards a successful conclusion.

Furthermore, the impressive track record of the United Nations has earned it collective credibility regarding the vitality and flexibility of the machinery at its disposal.

The first element is the conviction that the security of humankind is universal and, in the final analysis, indivisible.

Despite such instruments, some States continue to export weapons of mass destruction as a vital source of increased national income.

It denies having certain types of missiles and biological components only to recant its assertions once the international teams of inspectors discover those items.

Africa is daily demonstrating its clear determination to solve its own problems as a matter of priority by creating, among other things, a Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution.

Burkina Faso welcomes the results of the Oslo conference on anti-personnel landmines, and urges all States to adhere as quickly as possible to the Convention adopted in Oslo, and above all to comply with its terms.

The international environment is undergoing a process of constant change under the combined effect of three phenomena: globalization of the economy and of threats; liberalization of markets; and the information and communications revolution.

Earlier today, speaking of the globalization of the economy, I also mentioned the globalization of threats.

We are disappointed by the complete lack of progress in this year ' s session of the Conference on Disarmament.

Mr. Lim (Republic of Korea): It is regrettable, though not entirely surprising, that our North Korean colleague has presented another typically unproductive statement against the Republic of Korea.

The President: The first speaker is the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Qatar, His Excellency Sheikh Hamad bin Jassem bin Jabr Al-Thani.

Sheikh Al-Thani (Qatar) (interpretation from Arabic): It gives me great pleasure to congratulate you, Sir, on your election as President of the General Assembly at its fifty-second session.

Such an endeavour requires us to take a new look at expenditures on armaments, in order to save such huge sums and allocate them to supporting education and health programmes.

The problems of poverty, backwardness and lack of access to education and medical care are among the problems that affect developing countries.

Israel is undermining the peace process by building settlements, reneging on agreements and commitments reached with the Palestinian Authority, imposing a blockade on the Palestinian people, depriving them of their rights and flouting international legality.

The Arab leaders affirmed last year at the Cairo summit that peace in the Middle East is a strategic option.

We have therefore welcomed the oil-for-food agreement between the United Nations and Iraq to alleviate the suffering of the fraternal people of Iraq and to provide them with such basic necessities as food and medicine.

The State of Qatar, which has fraternal relations with the African countries, is pained to witness the current state of affairs in States such as the Sudan, Somalia, the Comoros, Rwanda, Sierra Leone and the Congo.

The President: I have great pleasure in welcoming the Prime Minister and Minister for External Affairs, Legal Affairs, Labour and Immigration of the Commonwealth of Dominica, His Excellency The Honourable Edison James, and inviting him to address the General Assembly.

The numbers, geographic representation and decision-making process of the principal organs of the United Nations must urgently reflect the realities of the new millennium.

Rules and regulations of any organization which can be interpreted and implemented in a manner which threatens the survival and the very existence of its members are undesirable.

Peace in our region and peace in the world depend much on the humanitarian dispensation of justice.

This matter is so serious that I urge the Secretary-General to pay a visit to the now tranquil and peaceful Caribbean region, starting in the Windward Islands, to get a sense of the situation for himself.

Hurricanes, earthquakes and floods are not uncommon, and the world knows of the slow destruction of the island of Montserrat by the volcanic eruptions which have been going on now for over two years.

Man-made threats also plague our region, one such being the trans-shipment of hazardous waste through the Caribbean Sea.

Difficult as it might be, we have made quite a few positive steps to assure the United Nations that we are seriously focused on strengthening our participation in this international body.

No matter what objective financial or other economic difficulties Belarus is experiencing, we seek to fulfil our financial obligations before the United Nations.

Conversely, the existence of other centres of tension and breaches of democratic order are of grave concern.

Several African countries in a commendable upsurge of solidarity, responded favourably, expressing their willingness to provide troops for the international force.

Humanity will be the better for it.

Against that background, the international community has evidenced its will to improve the human condition by organizing various workshops, seminars and conferences.

The rate of growth has increased significantly; inflation has been reduced to a very low level; and our situation outside the country has been strengthened.

A vast programme of privatizing public enterprises has already been put into effect.

It began with the Gabon Water and Energy Company.

Finally, partnership in all areas must be strengthened and the transfer of technologies encouraged, so that the national capacities of our countries can be revitalized.

My delegation reaffirms its commitment to general and complete disarmament.

However, Zambia is disappointed at the failure of the União Nacional para a Independência Total de Angola (UNITA) to comply with its obligations under the Lusaka Protocol and the provisions of relevant Security Council resolutions.

Zambia would therefore like to see, during this session of the General Assembly, progress on the proposal to convene an international conference on the financing of development.

In this regard, the Government has taken steps to ensure that there is equitable access to quality education by all Zambians by providing universal basic education within the shortest realistic time-frame.

We have long been aware of the potential that the outer islands could have if there were only more investment in sustainable development projects.

The 67 nuclear-weapon tests conducted in our country and the tests conducted on our neighbouring Pacific islands contaminated every inch of our environment and exposed each one of our citizens to radiation.

But reform is crucial if we are to have a forward-looking and effective United Nations, a United Nations that can assist us developing countries in our search for sustainable development.

The adoption of its Charter, a document of pride and durability, which Liberia helped to formulate, instituted a working system of international cooperation.

That is why African countries have intensified cooperation at the regional and subregional levels to stem this trend.

This progressive trend has been taking place against the backdrop of explosive growth in world trade and private investment flows.

Notwithstanding this, the gap between developed and developing countries continues to grow, leaving many countries behind amidst the general positive economic progress occurring in the world.

Out of this number, 28 have been admitted just since 1990, the latest being Palau, in 1994.

My Government has already implemented a programme to centralize all revenue collection under the Ministry of Finance.

The economic problems and social dangers the world faces are immense, and we have no right to postpone solutions or open the door to conflict and instability.

The concept, as elaborated by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), is already being promoted actively at many levels and in many countries.

It is basically a procedural resolution and I hope it will be adopted by consensus.

Since then, UNESCO has been undertaking numerous activities at many levels under its transdisciplinary project “Towards a culture of peace”.

We find these elements to be very interesting and well thought out.

Further, the Charter calls on us all to maintain international peace, to develop friendly relations among nations and to achieve international cooperation — all basic underpinnings of a culture of peace.

Having itself experienced the tragic consequences of armed conflict, the Philippines stands solidly behind this initiative.

For this reason, the Philippines joined other States in sponsoring a General Assembly resolution on a culture of peace.

Mr. Castaneda-Cornejo (El Salvador) (interpretation from Spanish): I have the honour to speak on agenda item 156, “Towards a culture of peace”, on behalf of Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama and El Salvador.

We commend, admire and respect the many successes of United Nations peacekeeping operations, which prove, if proof is needed, the ability and expertise the Organization has acquired in this important and crucial field.

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), in promoting this programme, has been inspired by these values.

The people of Ecuador continues to struggle to achieve the ideals of peace with development.

We therefore reaffirm the commitments we have undertaken at the major United Nations Conferences.

My delegation reaffirms its commitment to continue to work towards a genuine culture of peace that is founded on a world of equity and social justice and in which the right to development will cease to be a dream.

Hence the political interest in the item before us — a culture of peace.

We stand ready to play our part in its implementation.

The challenge now is how to make it a reality.

First, the global communication revolution and the global wave of democratization are mutually reinforcing.

Sixthly, the media has become a major venue for dialogue within and between States and also an international actor with a distinct role on the international stage.

They are part of the philosophy of collective action on which the United Nations is based.

It should not be confused with individualism, the negative effect of which on individual lives, societies and communities, nations and continents, is inestimable.

Education in Peru is built upon those foundations and criteria, which guarantee a clear dedication to peace on the part of present and future generations.

In so doing, and in taking note of the report, we wish to highlight the importance of generating appropriate discussions in order to lay the foundations for a draft international declaration and programme of action.

It is therefore essential that this culture of peace be promulgated here at United Nations.

I call on the representative of Luxembourg on a point of order.

I wish to associate Costa Rica with the statements made by the representatives of El Salvador on behalf of Central America and of Paraguay on behalf of the Rio Group.

As members of this Assembly, we are expected to move very swiftly in order to develop this culture.

I therefore humbly implore the President and those delegations that are seeking the postponement to stipulate the time when we can conclude this issue.

It would seem we are hedging.

I have indicated that a culture of peace is not substitutable.

This item is one around which there exists considerable international consensus, and the attempt by Syria to exploit this forum in order to engage in the needless politicization of this matter does not redound to its credit.

Mr. Mekdad (Syrian Arab Republic) (interpretation from Arabic): When my delegation spoke of a culture of peace we dotted the i ' s and crossed the t ' s.

Let me briefly touch upon some of them.

It was generally agreed that UNCITRAL should continue its work on the preparation of legal standards that could bring predictability to electronic commerce, thereby enhancing trade in all regions.

It was generally agreed that issues pertaining to service providers could appropriately be dealt with in the context of each new area of work addressed by the Working Group.

On the basis of that study, the Working Group should examine the desirability and feasibility of preparing uniform rules on the above-mentioned topics.

They should also endeavour to place this material on computer networks for wider and instant distribution.

Such participation includes both the right to utilize the watercourse and the duty to cooperate in the protection and development thereof, as provided in the present Convention.

If a notified State finds that implementation of the planned measures would be inconsistent with the provisions of articles 5 or 7, it shall attach to its finding a documented explanation setting forth the reasons for the finding.

Development should also be pursued in its own right.

Under conditions of war, and during periods of short-term emergencies and humanitarian needs, development efforts are often neglected, diminished or abandoned.

We reiterate the need for broadening and strengthening the participation of developing countries in the international economic decision-making process.

National and international actions are closely interrelated and should be seen as mutually reinforcing components of the overall goal of achieving development.

This enhanced cooperation should take full account of the interests and concerns of all countries.

This makes the continuing deterioration in their terms of trade of special concern, even if there is some recent evidence of improvement in the prices of some primary commodities.

Increased participation of developing countries in the processing, marketing and distribution of their commodities, if accompanied by improved market access, provides an alternative means for ensuring greater value added, as well as predictability and increased export earnings, from commodity production.

This diversification will require such countries to continue their macroeconomic, trade and investment policy reforms.

The world community has a common interest in the development and widespread dissemination of technology geared towards environmental protection and conservation and the rational use of energy and raw materials.

Trade liberalization should be pursued on a global basis.

Appropriate steps should be taken to close the gender gap at all levels of education and to ensure the full access of women to health care throughout the life cycle.

Consequently, the Programme of Action is grounded in a development and human rights framework and underscores the need to reconcile the aspirations and requirements of individual women and men with long-term development objectives.

Priority must be given to the prompt and full implementation of these commitments and recommendations.

The cost of reversal will be far higher than the cost of prevention.

In this partnership, the special situation and needs of developing countries, particularly the least developed countries and those most environmentally vulnerable, must receive special priority.

There is a need to avoid the situation in which such a trend has a negative impact on long-term development programmes.

Most of their debt is owed to official creditors, both bilateral and multilateral.

Within their respective mandates, functional commissions should focus on the core issues relating to the Conference for which they are responsible and obtain inputs from other relevant bodies on related issues.

The tenth session of the Conference, to be held in Thailand in the year 2000, should provide an opportunity to assess progress made and to advance the global partnership for growth and development.

The Council should also provide appropriate recommendations in order to ensure coherence and complementarity of efforts of all bodies, taking into account the role of the funds and programmes.

In particular, a dispersion of efforts and resources leading to unnecessary overlapping of responsibilities and fragmentation of the decision-making processes in the Secretariat should be avoided.

The PRESIDENT: I thank the representative of Switzerland for his statement and for the kind words addressed to the Chair.

The PRESIDENT (translated from French): I thank the representative of Chile for his statement and for the kind words addressed to the Chair.

The PRESIDENT: I thank the representative of the United Kingdom for his statement.

The Government itself acknowledges that planned forced evictions may affect up to 200,000 families, and that the Government has identified only 150,000 relocation sites.

Some educational and informational work in the field of human rights has already been undertaken by the Office, for the benefit of both lawyers and the public.

Employers, public institutions, associations and other parties that may provide information on the facts of a case have the obligation to provide the Committee with any relevant information.

Conciliation is attempted at first, but if this does not meet with success the case is committed to an independent professional lawyer.

In its efforts to find solutions, UNHCR also continued to be confronted by a number of protection issues, notably the international protection aspects of return and reintegration, particularly in situations emerging from conflict.

Under this recently adopted approach, new initiatives are currently being prepared by UNHCR in Afghanistan, Georgia, Tajikistan and the Islamic Republic of Iran.

The remainder are believed to have returned to Zaire.

By the end of 1996, over 65 per cent of those who had requested an immigrant document were in possession of one, which, after five years, enables holders to apply for permanent residence.

This is in parallel with the implementation of small-scale assistance projects aimed at stabilizing economically vulnerable groups, in particular female-headed households and landless families.

In the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, there are more than 560,000 refugees from Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, of whom a sizeable number are expected to require local settlement assistance.

According to Government figures, approximately 1.4 million Afghan and 500,000 Iraqi refugees remain in the country.

It also stressed that consolidated appeals should reflect priorities established through joint needs assessments, be coordinated with other resource mobilization mechanisms, and take account of the budgetary cycles of agencies and the regional dimensions of crises.

The high drop-out rate, high absenteeism, failure rates and the high rates of illiteracy as a result of exclusion from the education system are also of concern to the Committee.

To this end, the Committee stresses that sufficient resources must be allocated to labour inspection services to enable them to carry out the tasks entrusted to them.

The Committee recalls that extreme poverty and social exclusion undermine human dignity.

The observer for Turkey also made a statement.

The text of the Declaration is also available on the Internet under the section on General Assembly resolutions.

In its resolution 1996/34, the Commission requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report on the activities relating to his mandate to the Commission at its fifty-third session.

The criminal police officer from the Federal Criminal Office who was present during the questioning and the investigating judge who carried out the questioning were also heard as witnesses at the main trial.

The hostages were finally liberated through Indonesian military intervention on 15 May during which two of the hostages lost their lives at the hands of the rebels.

This revision also aims, to the extent possible, at replacing publications in paper form by various electronic forms.

The six-week programme introduces participants to the work of the United Nations.

The Government of Indonesia and ICRC also continued to work closely in clarifying inaccurate information regarding prisons;

In other instances, members of the local population took returnees into custody and brought them to local detention centres on charges of participation in the genocide.

Maritza Lugo, Grisel Galera and Marco Torres, also members of the Partido Democrático 30 de Noviembre, are said to have been indicted for doing the same.

It also has the legal responsibility to review all draft legislation related to judicial affairs.

They are usually sidelined by what are perceived to be the more urgent and dramatic police functions like investigation of murders, controlling riots, and detection and apprehension of drug dealers, among others;

Ostracism from their families and communities is also an added factor preventing children from returning home;

After his release, the Tribunal determined that there was insufficient evidence for his arrest.

According to ICRC, the number of clarified cases as of September 1997 was 1,133.

Croatia has also signed the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities.

In some cases, Croatian Serb refugees reportedly have been compelled to pay up to DM 5,000 to temporary occupants of their properties before regaining possession.

Criminal investigation or proceedings related to such acts were to be nullified and any detained persons to whom the amnesty applied were to be released.

A further six mass graves have been located in Banovina and Western Slavonia in which remains of several hundred people were found.

At the end of July 1997, a total of 545 families comprising 1,439 persons had received certificates for return.

She informed the Special Rapporteur that priority should be granted to the longer-established media.

The law further provides for sanctions only against the purchaser, in cases where transactions are carried out without the approval of the Ministry.

The staff were often assigned on a temporary basis, which created discontinuity in the fulfilment of the mandates.

In this sense, he wishes to reiterate that this judgement should be interpreted in the light of the desirability of the abolition of the death penalty.

In assessing the situation of each serving official, consideration will be given to:

The serious violations which resulted from them have remained unpunished and there has been no reparation for them.

What is today Namibia was governed for a very long time by the same process consisting of a black majority dominated by a white minority.

Nowadays, cultural goods which belonged to these people and countries are easily to be found in the museums of the Western world, without any quid pro quo, of course.

They can also, in some cases, involve several countries simultaneously and several population strata.

Devaluation leads to a change in the relative prices of imports, which become dearer in the national currency, and exports, which become cheaper in foreign currencies.

To understand the many forms of corruption, it is first necessary to consider the nature of the situations and persons concerned: civil servants, businessmen, private individuals or companies using the same processes.

The rising costs of food, declining food security, lower production costs and cutbacks in public subsidies on basic foodstuffs are also obstacles to the realization of the right to adequate food.

All the economic, social and cultural rights of the poor are thus violated or simply disregarded without any effort being made to interrupt the process.

The most typical example is the case of debt management by the international financial institutions.

The same is true of the looting of the cultural heritage of the third-world peoples and countries.

The international community must establish a legal framework which will make it possible to bring actions, with some hope of success, for redress or punishment, a framework that would be supplemented by the principle of universal jurisdiction.

In this case, the victims are those who have directly and personally suffered the harm arising from the violations.

These collective claims can be managed and successfully concluded only with the cooperation of the international community and the manifestation of the will of every actor on the international stage.

The spoliation of many countries and the impoverishment of large segments of the population are continuing in different forms: deterioration of the terms of trade, transfer of resources from the South to the North, capital flight, structural adjustment, etc.

Unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise, no such substantive agenda item shall be considered until at least forty-eight hours after the Conference of the Parties has received the report of the secretariat on the administrative and budgetary implications.

No officer may serve on the Bureau for more than two consecutive terms of one year.

Proposals and amendments to proposals shall normally be introduced in writing by the Parties and handed to the secretariat, which shall circulate copies to delegations.

Permission to speak on a motion to reconsider shall be accorded only to the mover and one other supporter, after which it shall be put immediately to the vote.

Voting, except for elections, shall normally be by show of hands.

If a tie results among more than two candidates, the number shall be reduced to two by lot and the balloting, restricted to them, shall continue in accordance with the procedure set forth in paragraph 1 of this rule.

This includes resources for assistance to countries in programme formulation, including specific allocations for the environmental dimensions of investment preparation.

The Bureau of COP 1 will examine the credentials and report to the session.

In the exercise of the right of reply, statements were made by the representatives of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea.

The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 138.

The issue of diversification of commodity-dependent countries was suggested as a possible item for the agenda of the second session.

Several emphasized the actual shortcomings of the agreements: the lack of tariff cuts for 22 per cent of the sensitive imports for the developing countries, and the continued existence of tariff peaks, if not tariff escalation.

Each council provides a forum for government officials and representatives from the private sector - business, labour, consumers, academics and the press - to discuss policy and market trends and generally to exchange information.

Final approval by Parliament is usually routine.

In the case of the last two areas, support is provided independently by the specialized institutions or by them in association with universities.

In China, the very act of deregulating employment by allowing self-employment has released the floodgates of entrepreneurial energy and led to a rapid growth of SMEs established by peasants and urban dwellers.

In such an environment, firms in the same line of business compete with each other on a more equal footing.

The Open-ended Working Group noted that the Security Council had continued to take steps in this regard, largely encouraged by the discussions in the Open-ended Working Group.

Others regarded such expansion as insufficient.

Again, with a view to reaching a consensus, and on the clear understanding that that would not set a precedent, the Asian Group had agreed to hold the first session of the Commission in two parts.

That was not at all desirable, and his Group supported very strongly the continuation of work in UNCTAD on the basis of the calendar year.

The substantive policy item on foreign direct investment and development in a globalizing world economy was therefore of great interest to Africa.

Commemorating 50 years of cooperation, the fiftieth annual Department of Public Information/non-governmental organization conference, to be held in September of this year, will focus on the theme of building partnerships.

Such a system would require incentives so as to avoid the perception of involuntary assignments.

The view was expressed that while it was necessary to provide incentives for more cost-effective publishing activities (recommendation 17), that did not necessarily imply the need for a self-supporting publications fund or account.

A breakdown of the proposed budget by non-recurrent and recurrent costs are shown in columns 3 and 4, respectively.

The Observer Mission is responsible for all other operating costs of the aircraft.

UNIFIL has been prevented so far from implementing any part of that mandate.

The estimate provides for feeding members of the Mission who are assigned to posts where mess facilities must be provided through arrangements with a local caterer.

When a new mission is established, a compensation specialist travels to the mission area to set initial salaries and allowances applicable to mission personnel.

A provision of $28,000 is requested for computer maintenance of 40 computers at standard cost rates of $550 per computer and $150 per computer for desktop software.

No other global mechanism exists that allows countries to solve common problems on such a universal basis of equal participation.

Provided as voluntary contribution in kind.

Examples of this type of activity are support to intergovernmental negotiations, good offices, the promotion of legal instruments, as well as coordination and consultation with governmental and non-governmental organizations.

I. Decision on programme and funding projections.

The Special Coordinator provides overall guidance to United Nations programmes and agencies in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, both those with representation in the field and those operating from abroad.

These meetings devote particular attention to the assessment of the overall financial support required by Mozambique to implement and sustain its structural adjustment, reconstruction and development strategies, thereby helping to identify the targets of external resource flows.

The Commission also invited the Special Rapporteur to continue to cooperate closely with other relevant United Nations organs and bodies and to convey her findings to the Commission.

Alternatively, a Committee of five persons with a Chairman, like any working group, could be formed to carry out the functions of the Service, the members of the Committee to be elected as hereinbefore mentioned.

If one effort does not succeed, the settler or settlers monitoring the situations would propose some other approaches.

Conditions for porters are described as brutal, with forced marches over mountains with heavy loads.

After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of the Russian Federation made a statement.

In order to assist States parties in submitting reports, the Human Rights Committee approved, at its second session, general guidelines regarding the form and contents of initial reports (see CCPR/C/5/Rev.2) stemming from the work of the Committee.

The Committee also notes the apparent shortage in the number of social workers.

In this regard, the Committee recommends that the minimum age of criminal responsibility, for marriage and for child labour be reviewed.

In the spirit of the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, the Committee further encourages the Government to give consideration to the incorporation of the rights of the child in school curricula.

It also welcomes the State party ' s replies to the written list of questions posed by the Committee.

In this regard, the Committee recommends that the State party undertake further research on the measures required to prevent and combat discrimination on the ground of disability.

It also welcomes the fact that the delegation has confirmed the Government ' s willingness to ratify International Labour Organization Convention No. 138.

Special attention should be paid to the protection of children involved in the informal sector, including as domestic servants.

Special attention should be paid to training programmes on the relevant international standards, in particular for judges, law enforcement officials, correctional officers and social workers.

Attention should also be given to awareness and information campaigns on the Convention on the Rights of the Child.

It notes that the State party ' s transition to a market-oriented economy has had a serious impact on the population, in particular on all vulnerable groups, including children.

Graduate, Faculty of Law, Ankara University.

Listed Arbitrator of Regional Centre for Commercial Arbitration, Cairo, 1985-.

This report is in response to that request.

At the same time, by providing links to the sites and databases of other organizations of the United Nations system, the Web site is becoming a centralized point of reference for information on oceans and the law of the sea.

With respect to subprogrammes 1-3 and 5, the conclusion is that they should continue unchanged.

In particular, account has been taken of the establishment of two new treaty organs which, although they are autonomous, are nevertheless linked to the United Nations: the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the International Seabed Authority.

Therefore, the Secretary-General invites States that have not become a party to the Conventions to give consideration to ratifying or acceding to them.

UNICEF requires Governments to account for the utilization of advances within six months of receipt by submitting payrolls, invoices, detailed certificates and other documentary evidence to confirm that valid programme expenditure was incurred.

These amounts are shown in statement I and schedule 3.

In line with this decision, UNFPA is fully paid in advance of the procurement activities for all costs connected with such procurement, including a procurement service fee at the rate established by the Executive Director.

If there is a net gain, this is credited to miscellaneous income.

The fact is that there have been no " enclaved " people in Cyprus since the liberation of the Turkish Cypriots by Turkey in 1974.

However, as a spur to financial stringency and efficiency, the Committee recommended that the limit be set at 0.18 per cent of total pensionable remuneration.

He also said that his department was increasing the level of its staff and improving its technical facilities in order to cope with the growth in the insurance and reinsurance market.

Furthermore, Britain stands by its commitment to the people of Gibraltar in the preamble to the 1969 Constitution.

The second sentence should be deleted.

The Court consists of the following organs:

The meeting rose at 9.40 p.m.

The provisions of the present Convention shall be without prejudice to the obligations of States Parties under the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees.

The present report contains resolutions and decisions adopted at the recent sessions of the regional commissions that call for action by the Economic and Social Council or are to be brought to its attention.

The Dag Hammarskjöld Library should implement those aspects of recommendations 4 and 5 of the progress report under its responsibility.

Twelve meetings of the Committee and eight meetings of the task managers system;

The Special Rapporteur has already addressed this issue (see E/CN.4/1997/95/Add.2), arguing that the Internet renders the traditional legal definition of child pornography, namely the visual depiction or use of a child for pornographic purposes, outdated.

There is no central point at which all the information is stored or from which it is disseminated, and it would not be technically feasible for any one entity to control all of the information conveyed on the Internet.

Even if better technical solutions become available, this approach is inadequate because children can increasingly find access to another computer, and their technical expertise is often far superior to that of their parents.

As a result, the Internet remains inaccessible to the individual or commercial user.

From the context of the situation and information generally available I assume that the speaker should be aware of the fact that these allegations have been proved completely false.

According to the information provided directly to the Special Rapporteur by Governments, the laws of most countries do not classify mercenarism as a punishable offence.

In March 1997, for example, Sandline International was in the news because its contract with the Government of Papua New Guinea caused a public outrage.

These reforms would need to include the following elements:

They were allowed to take with them all their belongings only if they agreed to move to the southern governorates.

The village was then demolished, and its inhabitants were displaced to the Tammuz and Al-Shaheed complexes near Tikrit.

But it was not possible to find him and the authorities are still searching for him.

The Special Rapporteur learned, however, after he had begun drafting the present report, that the documentation, which included a copy of the Public Order Act, contained legislation adopted on 28 March 1996.

There was no reference in the papers he received during the September 1997 mission to any legislation adopted in October 1996.

Reports on displacement of tens of thousands fleeing the war and on massive civilian casualties continued to reach the Special Rapporteur.

Also, all those who provided information or submitted complaints regarding issues of interest to the Special Committee were assured that they would not suffer reprisals, negative consequences or any other disadvantages.

United Nations human rights officers continue to be sent to such places, where information may be received from persons claiming to have suffered or to have witnessed violations of human rights perpetrated by the Government of Iraq.

The latter, however, continue to show no sign of openness to such a dialogue, but maintain a repressive attitude most of the time.

Odalis Curbelo Sánchez, a CubaPress correspondent in Pinar del Río, was held from 31 July to 6 August.

He was accused of helping to produce an underground paper containing materials critical of the system and of having questioned, during an interview given to a French newspaper, the Government ' s ability to lead the country.

He has lost his hair and several teeth because of malnutrition, as well as a great deal of weight;

To that end, the Office has developed a number of new joint initiatives with many United Nations agencies and programmes, some of which are described in the preceding paragraph.

There is no reason for lowering the limit for this protection precisely in a sphere in which the rights of the child are exposed to grave danger.

The General Assembly took note that Honduras had made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.

The representative of the Syrian Arab Republic made a state-ment on a point of order.

In accordance with General Assembly resolution 253 (III) of 16 October 1948, the observer for the Organization of American States made a statement.

The General Assembly concluded this stage of its considera-tion of agenda item 40.

The Chairman of the Advisory Committee responded to questions posed.

Generally, financial tie-ups and common ownership of stocks give rise to such situations.

It is important to mention that all these functions are related to the activities that the competition authority or competition enforcement agency might develop, as well as the means usually at its disposal for carrying out its tasks.

She presents the communication on her own behalf and on behalf of her granddaughter, Ximena Vicario, born in Argentina on 12 May 1976 and 14 years of age at the time of submission of the communication.

In fact, the courts of the State party have endeavoured to establish her identity and issued her identity papers accordingly.

The State party refers to its submission on admissibility and submits that the decision was taken in accordance with the relevant Guidelines, which were published in the Government Gazette of 9 May 1990 and based on the provisions of the Civil Code.

As such, this policy can hardly be seen as violating article 17.

He added that, while at the cinema, he had received a message from his child ' s mother that a shooting had taken place at his house.

A copy of the statement first came into the possession of the authors' counsel in February 1991.

In the opinion of the State party this does not involve a breach of article 14 of the Covenant.

It notes that in the trial against 14 ex-military officers accused of involvement in the death of Mr. Spadafora, Mr. del Cid was indicted on charges of participation in and having covered up the crime (partícipe y encubridor).

The Committee further observes that the State party did not reply to its request of 28 April 1995 for further clarifications on the issue of the length of the proceedings against Mr. del Cid.

As these proceedings were not part of the author ' s initial complaint and are not covered by the terms of the decision on admissibility of 11 October 1993, the Committee makes no finding in their respect.

In spite of her promises, she did not prepare his defence.

In this context, he submits that he, together with an inmate at the Melilla prison, tried to teach reading and writing to some prisoners, but that the prison director did not allow them to do so.

All this is said to constitute a violation of article 10.

The author reiterates that there is no evidence against him.

In particular, article 16 of the Act provides that, upon entering a penitentiary, prisoners will be immediately separated, taking into account sex, age, antecedents, physical and mental state and, when it concerns a convicted person, the requirements of the treatment.

In the circumstances, the Committee finds no violation of article 14, paragraph 3 (f), of the Covenant.

Instead, the author continued to retain the services of the said barrister after his trial and conviction, until 8 November 1991.

The State party maintains, therefore, that the restrictions excluding police officers from membership in the council of the municipality where the officers are posted are reasonable and do not constitute a violation of article 25 of the Covenant.

The quarrying and the use of the old forest road line, or the possible construction of a proper road, are insignificant or at most have a very limited impact on this means of livelihood.

The Prosecutor-General initially ignored the case and did not investigate it; nor did he initiate criminal proceedings against Mr. Ospina Sardi for contempt of court and non-compliance with an executory judgement.

She further contends that the courts have not been impartial in their approach of the case.

Article 230 guarantees the impartiality of the judges, by stipulating that they are only bound to respect the laws of the country.

Unsaleable items had been destroyed.

The State notary, however, has so far refused to register the transfer.

The question before the Committee, therefore, is whether these preconditions to restitution or compensation are compatible with the non-discrimination requirement of article 26 of the Covenant.

If convicted, the author could face the death penalty, although the two other accomplices were tried and sentenced to life terms.

The person sought for extradition may submit evidence at the judicial hearing, after which the judge decides whether the fugitive should be committed to await surrender to the requesting State.

It indicates that the material submitted is out of date and refers to recent substantial improvements in the Pennsylvania prisons, particularly in the conditions of incarceration of inmates under sentence of death.

In every case, the tests relevant to articles 1, 2, 3 and 5, paragraph 2, of the Optional Protocol must be applied to the particular facts of the case.

We therefore believe that Mr. Cox was not a " victim " within the meaning of article 1 of the Optional Protocol, and that his communication to the Human Rights Committee is inadmissible.

Such obligation may be read into the Second Optional Protocol, which is not subject to derogation.

However, there is not enough information in this case about the current practice of the Pennsylvania criminal justice and penitentiary system to allow any conclusion along the lines indicated above.

He was only allowed out of his cell for a few minutes each day and sometimes remained locked up for 24 hours.

Counsel argues that, although a State party cannot be held responsible for the shortcomings of privately retained counsel, it has the responsibility to guarantee effective representation in legal aid cases.

In its decision the Committee indicated that pursuant to rule 92, paragraph 2, of the rules of procedure the communication could be considered after the author had exhausted domestic remedies.

The author ' s death sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment.

He states that the judge, as well as the three counsels for the defence, called upon the reporters to rectify the " misleading " publication.

He claims that he was called racist names by the police officers who arrested him and that their decision to fabricate evidence against him was motivated by reasons of racial discrimination.

According to the author, article 14, paragraph 5, requires a full rehearing of the facts.

To support this claim, counsel refers to a report on the conditions in St. Catherine District Prison prepared by a non-governmental organization in May 1990.

He testified that he was present at the time of the incident, but that it was Movin Brown who beat and killed the deceased, and later threatened him.

The judge, however, did not allow counsel to cross-examine Movin Brown on the basis of this statement, and refused counsel ' s request to admit the statement in evidence.

Apart from the one hour of exercise in the yard, they are permitted to leave the cell only to meet with visitors and to have a bath once a day, during which time they can clean out the slop pail.

Article 140 of the Dutch Criminal Code penalizes participation in an organization which has as its purpose the commission of crimes.

The Advisory Committee was informed in a number of instances that many of the estimates of cost reduction were notional.

Parliamentary documents prepared by the Secretariat for legislative decision-making are for Member States; there is a separate system for informing the public and the information requirements for each are quite distinct.

The results of recosting represent adjustments to the estimates at revised 1996-1997 rates in order to recalculate the level of resources at 1998-1999 price levels.

Thus, the $103.7 million for recosting reflects the net effect of $125,399,100 additional requirements in respect of inflation, offset in part by $21,697,900 of reduced requirements as a result of currency fluctuations.

As mentioned in the summary of sections and table 7 of the introduction, the total of 25 redeployments from one department to another are as follows:

When received, it will be taken into account by the Committee and reported to the General Assembly in an appropriate manner.

The Committee was informed that the goal was to establish a more stable regime that would not change during each biennium.

The Committee cannot but stress that the members of the Panel of External Auditors have been selected by the competent legislative bodies to carry out the various activities within their terms of reference on behalf of all Member States.

The Advisory Committee notes the post requirements of the secretariat of the Board as reflected in table 1.12 and paragraph 1.22 of the proposed programme budget.

The Committee doubts whether the requested amounts of $86,500 and $36,300 would be adequate to deal with the accumulated backlog.

The Committee recommends that the matter be reviewed to consider measures similar to those taken by the Office of Legal Affairs in dealing with the backlog in the publication of the Treaty Series.

Included in the estimates are provisions of $52,100 for paper and other reproduction supplies.

As indicated in paragraph 5.8 of the proposed programme budget, the estimates relating to the statutory entitlements of the members of the Court are scheduled for a comprehensive review by the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.

The resources proposed in subsection A, based on existing rates, are therefore provisional.

As indicated in paragraph 6.9 of the proposed budget, a total of five posts (4 Professional and 1 General Service) are being redeployed from the Office of Conference and Support Services to the Treaty Section in relation to subprogramme 6.

Accordingly, the Secretary-General announced that those three Departments would be merged into a single department and some of the functions and activities of the Department for Development Support and Management Services would be redistributed.

The Committee intends to follow up on the matters discussed in paragraphs IV.45 to IV.47 above, in the context of its examination of the revised estimates for the management and administration support costs budget of UNEP for 1998-1999.

Unless the financial situation of UNEP improves, the administration and other expenditure required for the decentralized structure might adversely affect the capacity of UNEP to deliver its mandated programmes.

As shown in table 16A.1 of the proposed programme budget, the regular budget estimate for section 16A for 1998-1999 amounts to $89,552,300, showing an increase of $1,568,300 over the 1996-1997 appropriations.

The Advisory Committee welcomes and commends the efforts of the Commission to streamline its structure and to set up new modalities for programme delivery.

As indicated in table 17.3, the total number of extrabudgetary posts proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 is 70, a decrease of 8 extrabudgetary posts as compared with the total of 78 posts for the biennium 1996-1997.

The Committee was informed, upon request, that the Commission ' s proposed programme of work for 1998-1999 provides for 193 publications (41 issuances), compared with 292 publications (45 issuances) for the current biennium.

The Advisory Committee sought clarification in respect of the number of meetings of ECE intergovernmental bodies reflected in paragraph 18.20 of the proposed programme budget.

The Advisory Committee was informed that it was less expensive for the Commission to rent space for a few days of meeting rather than to build conference facilities of its own.

The Committee on Programme and Coordination at its thirty-seventh session took note of the pilot project.

The Committee also notes that the increase is due to the expansion of the functions under executive direction and management.

In the past, the Committee has discouraged the transfer of extrabudgetary posts to the regular budget unless the functions relate to activities that should be funded from the regular budget.

Of the eight regular budget posts proposed to be abolished, the Advisory Committee was informed that three posts were vacant as of 27 May 1997.

The Advisory Committee notes from the table that no estimates are given in respect of extrabudgetary resources to be made available for services in support of extrabudgetary substantive activities; those had been estimated at $6.3 million for 1998-1999.

In the course of its review, the Advisory Committee took note of efficiency projects being implemented by the Department of Public Information, as reflected in document A/51/873.

The recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the procedure to be followed concerning proposals to reduce administrative costs from 38 per cent to 25 per cent are contained in chapter I of the present report.

Paragraph 27B.27 indicates a provision of $603,000 for contractual data-processing services to enhance the capacity of the current budget information system and increase necessary interfaces with IMIS.

The Committee was informed that while the extrabudgetary resources received from UNDP/UNFPA and UNICEF cover the costs of 10 of the 14 posts, they do not cover the cost of medical supplies.

The Committee recommends that IMIS and information technology services be reviewed with a view to establishing one organizational unit.

Extensive emphasis is given to describing the functions of the various units rather than projects and activities to be undertaken.

While the staff and related costs of the Buildings Management Service are reflected under this section of the proposed programme budget, requirements relating to capital expenditures are requested under section 31 of the proposed programme budget.

The porter wage escalation previously included as a variable element would be eliminated.

There is no evidence that this recommendation has been implemented.

This has required the development of new techniques, procedures and skills and has entailed the reallocation of resources.

The Committee notes that these reductions, which are mainly in the document-processing areas, are attributable in large part to continued streamlining and past investment in technological innovations.

Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 49/237 of 31 March 1995, unified conference services under United Nations management were established on 1 April 1995 on condition that, inter alia, the arrangements should be accomplished within existing resources.

As indicated in table 27F.1 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999, the Secretary-General ' s estimate for section 27F amounts to $114,814,100 before recosting, a decrease of $5,963,900 against the 1996-1997 appropriations.

In addition, the help desk support function includes analysis of user needs, office automation application assistance and monitoring various services and connectivities.

As indicated in paragraph 27H.26, the Secretary-General has proposed to redeploy two Field Service posts from Support Services Service to the Electronic Services Service and reclassify them at the P-3 level.

The Committee sought additional information on what action had been taken to rectify the situation but did not receive a response.

As indicated in paragraph 28.1 of the proposed programme budget, the Office of Internal Oversight Services was established in September 1994 pursuant to General Assembly resolution 48/218 B of 29 July 1994.

The Committee believes that if the forecasted number is not realized and there continues to be positive developments in this area, then savings should be achieved.

As shown in table 30.3 of the proposed programme budget, it is estimated that after-service health insurance will increase from $36,781,900 in 1996-1997 to $41,878,200 for 1998-1999, before recosting.

The Committee was further informed that prior to the adoption of this arrangement, the sharing ratio had been 50/50 at Headquarters and other duty stations.

The Committee recommends that future budget submissions for alteration, improvement and major maintenance indicate the value of United Nations-owned buildings.

The use of preventive deployment, when mandated, could be a factor contributing to international peace and security.

Thus, the capacity of the United Nations to launch and support mandated peacekeeping operations in response to Security Council decisions will remain essential.

Furthermore, chapter 38, paragraphs 21 to 23 and 31 to 34, of Agenda 21, adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in June 1992 and endorsed by the Assembly in its resolution 47/191, extended and reinforced the mandate of UNEP.

The objectives in this area are to develop response strategies for environmental threats and emergencies.

This has been further elaborated in a number of subsequent General Assembly, Economic and Social Council and Commission resolutions.

They are underfunded and the quality of learning has deteriorated.

In addition, the secretariat will facilitate the adoption of appropriate macroeconomic measures to promote socially acceptable, economically viable and environmentally sustainable development.

Urbanization is exacerbating pollution in cities.

This requires a competent, accountable and responsive public service.

One objective in this area would be to devise mechanisms that would enable African countries to benefit from the experience of but also attract investments from other developing regions.

Interaction between member States and ECLAC could also be enhanced through a more intensive utilization of information networks.

During the period covered by the plan, this objective will be pursued, in particular through the provision of relevant training and related technical support.

The General Assembly, in its resolution 47/217 of 23 December 1992, decided to establish a Peacekeeping Reserve Fund as a cash flow mechanism to ensure the rapid response of the Organization to the needs of peacekeeping operations.

Funding was to be provided by the transfers of balances of an initial amount of $59 million from the special accounts for the United Nations Transition Assistance Group (UNTAG) and the United Nations Iran-Iraq Military Observer Group (UNIIMOG).

This would serve as a confidence-building measure in itself and would also facilitate the overall peace process.

Because the plight of refugees varies considerably from one region to another, UNHCR has generally adopted a regional approach in the search for solutions.

Consecutive round-table meetings have demonstrated a considerable amount of goodwill for practical cooperation.

The Office of Legal Affairs will continue to award at least one fellowship annually, in accordance with the rules and guidelines referred to in paragraphs 35 and 39 above.

Languages: English and French.

Whenever possible, integrated country projects are linked to regional and interregional projects in related areas.

It promotes economic and social development and regional cooperation among the member and associate member countries of the Commission through the implementation of its legislative mandates and the approved programme of work.

The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) adopted draft resolution II without a vote.

Any State Party to the Treaty may give notice of its withdrawal from the Treaty one year after its entry into force by written notification to the Depositary Governments.

Except as may otherwise be provided by the General Assembly or the Executive Committee, these rules shall govern all financial activities of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees other than the administration of his/her regular budget.

Graduate, Faculty of Law and Social Sciences, National University of Buenos Aires, 1950.

Seminar on watercourses of international interest, The Hague Academy of International Law, 1961.

The Working Group accepted that proposal.

Would any other delegation like to take the floor at this stage?

It should be clear whether the units are degrees/minutes or decimal degrees.

Medical care is offered to the recipients in the event of accident or disease.

A policy directive should be issued before the end of 1996 requiring the heads of all departments and offices to draw the attention of the Assistant Secretary-General for Public Information to:

Article 5 provides that:

Generally, these raids were said to have been based on precise information with the Iraqi forces frequently reported to be looking for specific persons.

Several of the persons arrested were known to belong to opposition groups.

In any case, Iraq has failed:

The Government ' s position is that when two legal aid organizations offered their services to Mr. Gusmao he turned them down, accepting instead the services of Mr. Sudjono of the Indonesian Advocates Association.

The Chairman informed the Committee that consultations were still continuing for the post of Rapporteur.

The conference room will be announced in the Journal.

The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (i) of agenda item 17.

The attached document, received by the Secretariat, is circulated for information.

I have the honour to refer to the command of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL).

The majority of those who left Kuwait in the first wave of departures did so with minimal outside assistance.

Professor, Doctor of Legal Sciences;

Honorary Vice-President of the International Maritime Committee (International Maritime Law Association) (1994 to date);

Two thirds of the States Parties shall constitute a quorum at such meeting.

In exceptional cases, the Secretary-General may, at his initiative, place a staff member on special leave with full pay if he considers such leave to be in the interest of the Organization.

An ad hoc Committee shall apply the rules of procedure of the Headquarters Joint Disciplinary Committee, except to the extent it decides, consistent with the requirements of due process, to apply other such rules.

An asterisk (*) indicates the session at which the organization was reclassified from the Special to the General category, and the session at which the application was originally considered is indicated in square brackets.

The Council heard a statement by the representative of Kuwait.

The Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs made a statement.

Accounts payable included (in United States dollars):

The full amounts of the advances are maintained as accounts receivable from staff members until the required proofs of entitlement are produced, at which time the budgetary accounts are charged and the advances recovered;

The Board ' s observations and conclusions were discussed with the Administration whose views, where appropriate, have been reflected in the report.

We regard independence as our life and soul.

Ambassador Jacovides was Deputy Head (and Acting Chairman) of the Cyprus delegation to the United Nations Conference on the Law of Treaties (Vienna 1968 and 1969) and was a signatory of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties.

While serving at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Nicosia (1965-1969), Mr. Jacovides' duties included those of Legal Adviser in matters of Public International Law.

Cyprus participant in the Dag Hammarskjöld Seminar on the Law of Treaties (Uppsala, 1966);

Since that date, the Assembly has annually adopted a resolution, by consensus since 1980, on this matter.

The World Conference on Human Rights emphasizes the importance of incorporating the subject of human rights education programmes and calls upon States to do so.

In general, States confer nationality on those who are born in that country.

They also impose inequitable burdens of work on women.

In some countries where fundamentalist or other extremist views or economic hardships have encouraged a return to old values and traditions, women ' s place in the family has deteriorated sharply.

Particularly in times of crisis, this exclusion has silenced women ' s voices and rendered invisible their contribution and experiences.

The low involvement of women in the professions from which politicians are recruited can create another obstacle.

Nonetheless, in the last 50 years, women have not achieved equality, and their inequality has been reinforced by their low level of participation in public and political life.

The result of the voting shall be inserted in the record in the English alphabetical order of the names of the members.

The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 17.

The General Assembly took note that Haiti had made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.

The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 107.

The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 40.

It also explicitly upholds the freedom of navigation on the high seas and territorial waters guaranteed by international law.

Applications for decals from observer State missions, intergovernmental and other organizations listed in chapters III, IV and V of the " Blue Book " must be submitted to the Protocol and Liaison Service and thereafter to the Garage Administration for appropriate action.

The provisional agenda for the session is reproduced above.

The term of office of one of the members shall expire each year.

The Secretary-General will at a later date, pursuant to article 7 of the statute, prepare and submit to the Assembly such a list of all the candidates nominated.

Honorary Member of the Euro-Arab Forum for Arbitration and Business Law, Paris.

Called to the Bar, October 1969.

Société africaine pour le droit de l ' environnement (SADE) (founder member) (France);

Member of the United Nations International Law Commission since 1992.

Ambassador Sepúlveda was Assistant Secretary for International Affairs at the Ministry of the Treasury (1976-1980).

He was also President of the United Nations Commission on Transnational Corporations, serving as Mexican representative to that Commission from 1977 to 1981.

Grand Cross, Order of Civil Merit (Spain).

Grand Officier, Ordre de la Légion d ' Honneur (France).

The working paper read as follows:

During a session, the Committee may revise the agenda and may, as appropriate, defer or delete items; only urgent and important items may be added to the agenda.

The Secretary-General shall be responsible for informing the members of the Committee without delay of any questions which may be brought before it for consideration.

The Secretary-General shall inform the members of the Committee without delay of any notice given under rule 72 of these rules and shall transmit to them as soon as possible copies of the notice and relevant information.

The Committee may, through the Secretary-General, request the States parties concerned or either of them to submit additional information or observations orally or in writing.

There is no time to lose.

The Acting President: May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to conclude its consideration of agenda item 39?

Any withdrawals of candidates will be circulated in addenda to that document.

Most of these victims are civilians.

Certain publications will be deemed to be objectionable on their own terms.

Family policy encourages freedom of parental choice as regards the family lifestyle and the number of children.

The High-level Committee on the Review of Technical Cooperation among Developing Countries is entrusted with the overall intergovernmental review of technical cooperation among developing countries within the United Nations system.

The report ends with conclusions and recommendations.

Organochlorines are widely recognized as being highly toxic, causing a wide range of health effects in a broad array of species.

The Committee adopted the draft resolution, as further orally revised, without a vote.

I should also be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.

May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution?
